Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first integer twice the second integer and three times the third is 70.
The sum of two numbers is 120, if the larger number is 4 times the smaller number, find the two numbers?
A number is twice another number, if their sum is 48 find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 42, one number is 2 times as large as the other, what are the numbers?
Three times the first of three consecutive odd integers is 3 more than twice the third, Find the third integer?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the least integer and the greatest integer is 13 more than the middle integer.
Nine more than four times a number is the same as one less than twice the number, Find the number.
Which 2 consecutive integers have a sum of -105?
The sum of two consecutive integers is -21, Find the two integers.
The sum of two consecutive integers is -71, what are those integers?
The sum of 3 numbers is 137,The second number is 4 more than 2 times the first number, The third is 5 less than three times the first number, Find the 3 numbers.
Twice the sum of a number and 8 is 40, Find the number.
The sum of three integers is 61, the sum of the first and second exceeds the third by 71, the third integer is 36 less than the first, Find the three integers.
One number is twice another number, when the larger is diminished by 10, the result is 2 greater than the smaller, Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is ten, Three times the larger number is three less than eight times the smaller number, what is the smaller number?
What is twice the first of three consecutive even integers is ten more than the third, find the integers.
Twice the smallest of three consecutive even integers is four more than the largest, Find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is eight more than three times the smaller, Find the two odd integers.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and -14.
The sum of two numbers is 56, their difference is 22, Find the larger number.
Find the larger of two consecutive integers if the second is 13 less than twice the smaller.
The sum of four consecutive odd numbers is 128, then the smallest number is?
3 consecutive even integers are given by x, x+2, and x+4,Find these three numbers such that the sum of the first, two times the second, and three times the third is 124.
Find the three consecutive integers whose sum is 99.
What three consecutive even integers have a sum of 150?
Find 3 consecutive integers such that the sum of the first two integers is nine more than the third integer.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the least integer and the middle integer is 46 more than the greatest integer.
The sum of two consecutive integers is 73, Find the smallest integer.
The sum of two consecutive numbers is 33, what is the smaller of these numbers?
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 153, which is the LARGEST number?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the smallest integer and twice the second is 12 more than the third.
The sum of the three smallest of four consecutive odd integers is 30 more than the largest integer, what are the four consecutive odd integers?
What 4 consecutive integers have a sum of -34?
What number increased by 30% equals 260?
When 5 times a number is added to twice the number, the result is 10, Find the number.
If the sum of a number and 7 is tripled, the result is 3 less than twice the number.
The sum of two numbers is 40, the sum of twice the larger and 4 times the smaller is 108, Find the numbers.
One number is 5 more than another number, three times the first plus twice the second is 30, find the numbers.
The difference between two numbers is 18, twice the smaller number plus three times the larger is 74, what are the numbers?
The difference between two numbers is 9, the sum of twice the larger number and three times the smaller number is 33, Find the two numbers.
One number is 11 more than another number, Find the two numbers if three times the larger exceeds four times the smaller number by 4.
One number is 3 less than a second number, twice the second number is 12 less than 5 times the first, Find the two numbers.
One number is 4 less than another, If 10 times the smaller number minus 3 times the larger number is 51, find the two numbers.
The difference of two numbers is 18, twice the smaller number is 56 less than three time the larger, what are the numbers?
One number is 6 less than a second number, twice the second number is 48 more than 5 times the first, find the 2 numbers?
One number is 6 more than another, if the sum of the smaller number and 3 times the larger number is 34, fined the two numbers.
Three times a larger number added to 4 times a smaller number totals 24, when twice the smaller number is subtracted from twice the larger number, the result is 2, what are the two numbers?
If 5 times the first number plus three times the second number equals 47, and 10 times the first number minus 4 times the second number equals 54, what are the numbers?
The sum of the two digit number is 7, when you reversed the number it was increased by 27, what is the original number?
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 9, if the digits are reversed, the number is increased by 45, Find the original number.
If 4 is added to a number and the sum is doubled, the result is 18 less than the number, Find the number?
Four times the difference of a number and six is equal to twice the number, Find the number.
I think of a number if I multiply it by 6 the answer will be 80, what is the number?
76 is 80% of what number?
Twice the difference of a number and 6 is equal to three times the sum of the number and 4, Find the number.
The difference when 7 less than a number is subtracted from twice the number is 12, what is the number?
Find the five odd consecutive integers if the sum of the first and the fifth is one less than three times the fourth.
Find 5 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the fifth is one less than 3 times the fourth.
The second of three numbers is 8 more than the first and the third number is 3 less than 3 times the first, If the third number is 15 more than the second, find the three numbers.
The difference of two numbers is 48, the second is 8 less than 5 times the first, what are the two numbers?
I think of a number, I multiply the number by 5 and minus 60, I end up with the number I started with, what is my number?
Find a number whose product with 6 is the same as its sum with 45.
Frida is thinking of number, she adds 15 to her number and finds that the result is 4 times her number, what is her number?
Six more than a number is 3 times the number, what is the number?
What is the sum of the first 100 even numbers?
The sum of three consecutive integers is negative 72, Find the numbers.
120=100(M/10), what is the value of M?
12 is 3/4 of what number?
60 is 140% of what number?
The quotient of a number and -7, decreased by 2, is 10, Find the number.
Nine less than the quotient of a number and 3 is 18, Find the number.
What number is 17% of 200?
A number when increased by 40% becomes 42, what is the number?
What number increased by 30 % equals 490?
The sum of 6 times a number (N) and (4) is -30, what is the number?
What is the sum of the arithmetic sequence 174, 168, 162 , if there are 37 terms?
If 7 is added to a quarter of a certain number, the answer is 10, what is the number?
Find the 3 consecutive integers with the sum of 267.
There are three consecutive odd integers, such that three times the first, minus two times the second, plus 13, equals negative three times the sum of the first and the third, what is the first integer?
One number is 11 more than another number, Find the two numbers if three times the larger exceeds four times the smaller number by 4.
One number is 3 less than a second number, twice the second number is 12 less than 5 times the first, Find the two numbers.
Find two numbers whose sum is 62 and whose difference is 6.
The sum of two numbers is 68, their difference is 16, what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 97, the difference of the two numbers is 57, find the two numbers
The sum of two numbers is 18, their difference is 22, what are the numbers?
I have two numbers, the sum is 36 and the difference is 9, what are the two numbers?
The sum of 2 integers is 36, the difference of the same 2 numbers is 4, Find the integers.
The difference of two numbers is 9 and their sum is 37, what are the numbers?
One number is seven less than another number, the sum of the numbers is thirty-three, find the numbers.
The difference between two numbers is 24, Find the numbers if their sum is 88.
A number is 12 less than another, the sum of the numbers is 28, find the Numbers.
The sum of two numbers is twenty-three, and the larger number is five more than the smaller number, Find these numbers.
If the first and third of three consecutive even integers are added, the result is 12 less than three times the second integer, find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is -273, what are the integers?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is -117, what are the three integer?
What three consecutive odd integers have a sum of -75?
Find two numbers with sum 10 and product 20.
The sum of two numbers is 64, if twice the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number, the result is 16, Find the two numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 91, the larger number is 1 more than 4 times the smaller number, Find the numbers.
What is the sum of the distinct prime factors of 2007?
One positive integer is 3 less than a second positive integer, the sum of the squares of the two integers is 65, Find both positive integers.
Three times the sum of three consecutive integers x, x + 1, and x + 2, is 72, what are the integers?
2 more than 6 times a number is 20 more than 3 times the number, find the number.
Fifteen more than four times a number is 6 more than five times the number, what’s the value of the number?
5 less than 6 times a whole number is 9 less than 8 times that number, Find the number.
The square of the sum of two consecutive integers is 529, what are the integers?
A number has two digits whose sum is 14, If 36 is added to the number, its digits are interchanged, find the number.
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 8, when the digits are reversed, the number is increased by 36, Find the number.
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 15, if the digits are interchanged the result exceeds the original number by 9, find the number.
The sum of two numbers is 42, one number is 3 less than 4 times the other number, what are the numbers?
One number is 3 less than twice another number, if the sum of the numbers is 330, find the two numbers.
One number is 16 more than another, if the smaller number is subtracted from 2/3 of the larger, the result is 1/4 of the sum of the two numbers. Find the numbers.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that three times the smaller one exceeds two times the larger one by 7.
The sum of two numbers is fourteen, the sum of the squares of the two numbers is one hundred thirty, Find the two numbers.
Find three consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the second and the third exceeds three times the first by 34.
The sum of two integers is 10, three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer, Find the integers.
The sum of two integers is twenty-nine, eight times the smaller integer is eleven more than five times the larger integer, find the integers.
The sum of two numbers is 125, five times one number minus three times the other is 41, Find the numbers.
Find two consecutive multiples of 7 whose sum is 84.
The sum of two consecutive integers is 185, Find the 2 integers.
Sixty more than a number divided by three is equal to eighty-four more than the same number divided by fifteen, what is the number?
Find 3 consecutive numbers such that twice the second is 17 more than the third.
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 40, find the numbers.
Find two consecutive integers such that 3 times the first integer plus 2 times the second integer is equal to 107.
Find two consecutive whole numbers such that 5 times the smaller number added by 3 times the greater number makes 59.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 14 less than three times the smaller integer, Find the integers.
Find three consecutive numbers whose sum is 72.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 144, find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive whole numbers is 24, what are the integers?
Three consecutive integers have the sum of 153, what is the second integer?
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 480, Find the three integers
The sum of 3 consecutive odd numbers is 249, Find the integers.
Find four consecutive odd integers whose sum is 8 using an equation.
1/3 of a number is 5 less than half of the same number, what is the number?
The Product of two consecutive integers is 8 more than twice their sum, Find the integers.
Twice a number is 60 more than five times the number, what is that number?
Five times a number is ten more than three times the number, Find the number.
I think of a number multiply it by 8 then subtract 66, the result is twice the number that I was thinking.
Eight times a number equals 24 more than two times the number, what is the number?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 279, what are the integers?
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of adds to 15.
3 consecutive odd integers with the sum of 237.
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 357, what are the three numbers?
Find three consecutive even integers if twice the second is 12 more than the third.
The sum of the squares of two consecutive positive even integers is 340, find the integers.
The sum of the squares of two consecutive positive odd integers is one hundred thirty, Find the two integers.
Sum of three consecutive even numbers is 186 what are the numbers.
Find 3 consecutive even integers whose sum is 186.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of five times the first, six times the second and seven times the third is 148.
Find two consecutive even integers x and x+2 with a product of 80.
Find two consecutive even integers whose product equal 120.
The product of two positive consecutive integers is 56, find the numbers.
Find the value of y to make this an arithmetic sequence y+8, 4y+6, 3y.
The product of a number and a second number that is 3 more than 5 times the first is 2, Identify the numbers.
What are two consecutive odd integers whose sum is -116?
Find two consecutive even integers such that the sum of the larger and twice the smaller is 62.
Find two consecutive even integers such that the sum of the larger and 3 times the smaller is 234.
Find two consecutive even integers such that the sum of twice the smaller integer plus the larger is 344.
Find all the sets of three consecutive even integers whose sum is between 25 and 45.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and twice the second is 6 more than the third.
Find three positive consecutive odd integers such that the largest decreased by three times the second is 47 less than the smallest.
Find 3 consecutive integers whose squares add up to 110.
The product of two consecutive integers is 8 less than 8 times their sum, Find the integers.
Find the two consecutive integers whose product exceeds their sum by 19.
The product of two consecutive integers is 71 more than their sum, Find the integers.
The product of two consecutive positive integers is 41 more than their sums, find the integers.
The product of two consecutive integers is 71 more than the sum, Find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 5 less than twice the smallest integer, what’s the smallest and largest integer?
When the first of two numbers is added to twice the second the result is 21, but when the second number is added to twice the first the result is 18, Find the two numbers.
The larger of two numbers is four times the smaller, if their difference is eighteen, find the numbers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that twice the first, decreased by the second is 35.
One number is three times another number and their sum is 164, find the number?
The sum of two numbers is 574, one number is six times the other, Find the larger number.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the product of five and the third integer is four more than two times the sum of the first two numbers.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 47 less than the least of the integers, Find the integers.
Find 2 consecutive even integers such that eleven more than half the second integer results in the first integer.
Three times the smallest of three consecutive even integers is two more than twice the largest, Find the integers.
If the product of two consecutive odd integers is decreased by 3, the result is 12, find the integers.
Find four consecutive numbers such that the sum of the first three numbers is twelve more than the fourth number.
The product of four greater than a certain negative integer and sixteen less than four times the integers is equal to 36, Determine the integer?
The difference between two numbers is 8, five times the larger number is 4 more than 8 time the other, Find the numbers?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the first and third is 90 more than the second.
If the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69, what is the third of the three odd integers?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the middle integer is one more than the sum of the first and the third.
The sum of two consecutive odd integer is 29 more than the next odd integer, Find the three integers in increasing order.
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and 43.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and 31.
For two consecutive integers, the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 29, Find the smaller integer.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that twice the greater is 17 more than the lesser.
Four times an integer is 30 less than five times the next consecutive integer, Find the integers.
The sum of two numbers is -63, the first number minus the second is -41, Find the numbers.
One number is 11 less than the other number, if their sum is -9, find the two numbers.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that the square of the larger is 3 smaller than 12 times the smaller.
Find three consecutive numbers where the product of the smallest two numbers is 28 less than the square of the largest numbers.
The product of two consecutive integers is -4 more than the square of the smaller one, what’s the larger number?
The sum of four consecutive integers is 50, what is the largest of these integers?
Eighty, decreased by three times a number, is the same as five times the number, increased by eight, Find the number.
If you have five consecutive integers such that the even integers add up to 48 what is the smallest odd integer?
Find two consecutive odd integers such that 4 times the larger is 29 more than three times the smaller.
Four times the smaller of two consecutive odd integers is the same as 73 less than 5 times the larger, Find the integers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the first is 9 greater than six times the third.
Find four consecutive numbers which, when added together, total 80.
The ten’s digit of a two-digit number is 3 more than the unit’s digit, the number is 8 more than 6 times the sum of the digits, Find the number?
Find two consecutive whole numbers such that 3/4 of the first number is 5 more than 1/2 the second number.
Find two consecutive whole numbers, where 3/4 of the first number is 5 more than 1/2 the second number? Let n represent the first number, and n + 1 the second number?
The difference of the cubes of two consecutive positive integers is 217, what is the sum of the two integers?
The sum of a number and its square is 6, Find the number.
The sum of an integer and its square is 72, what is the integer?
The smallest integer in a set of three consecutive integers is x, and the largest   integer in this set is z if the sum of the set is equal to 27, then what is the value of xz?
The product of the smaller two of three consecutive integers is equal to 23 plus the largest, Find the integers.
The sum of the digits of two digits number is 9, If the units digit is 5 more than the ten's digit, what is the number?
Four more than the opposite of n equals 6, what is n?
Find two consecutive even integers such that six times the first integer equals four times the second integer.
120=100(M/10), what is the value of M?
12 is 3/4 of what number?
60 is 140% of what number?
Six consecutive integers are given. The sum of the second, fourth and fifth is 41, the sum of the third and sixth is?
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 63 less than five times the second integer, Find the third integer.
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 57 less than five times the second integer, Find the third integer.
If the first and third of 3 consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 57 less than 5 times the second integer, Find the 3rd integer.
The sum of two numbers is 87, three times the smaller plus twice the larger is 216, Find the larger number.
There are 3 consecutive integers such that 3 times the sum of the first and third is 5 times the second, what is the third integer?
Find three consecutive integers such that the product of the first and second is five less than five times the third.
If one-half of one integer is subtracted from three-fifths of the next consecutive integer, the difference is 3, what are the two integers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 62, Find the larger number.
The product of two consecutive even integers is 360.Find the integers.
The two consecutive even integers whose product is 624.
The product of two consecutive odd numbers is 143, find the numbers.
If the sum of the consecutive integers from -22 to x, inclusive, is 72, what is the value of x?
Find 3 consecutive odd numbers where the product of the smaller two numbers is 34 less than the square of the largest number.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the square of the third is 28 more than the square of the second.
Find 2 numbers whose sum AND product are 11.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the square of the second added to the first is seventy five less than the square of the third.
12 divided by 3+ 18 divided by 2.
The number 2002 is equal to the sum of 7 consecutive natural numbers, what is the smallest of these 7 numbers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is equal to 30, what is the smaller integer?
Find two consecutive odd integers such that the smaller one is 12 more than one-third the larger.
The sum of the squares of two consecutive odd integers is 34, Find the two integers.
Find five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the fifth is one less than three times the fourth.
Find two positive numbers so that twice their sum equals their product and one number is 9 times the other number.
The least integer of a set of consecutive integers is minus 25, if the sum of these integers is 26, how many integers are in this set?
The sum of 3 consecutives odd integers is 40 more than the smallest, what are the integers?
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 30 more than the largest, what are the integers?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first integer twice the second integer and three times the third is 70?
The sum of two numbers is 120, if the larger number is 4 times the smaller number, find the two numbers?
A number is twice another number, if their sum is 48 find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 42, one number is 2 times as large as the other, what are the numbers?
Three times the first of three consecutive odd integers is 3 more than twice the third, Find the third integer?
Three consecutive integers are such that their sum has the same value as twice the second integer subtracted from 20, what are the three integers?
The average of four consecutive even integers is 17, Find the integers.
The sum of an even integer and twice the next greater even integer is eight more than four times the greater integer, find the lesser integer.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the smallest and 3 times the largest is 126.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the least integer and the greatest integer is 13 more than the middle integer.
Nine more than four times a number is the same as one less than twice the number, Find the number.
The product of two integers is 84, one integer is 8 more than the other, what are the two integers?
The product of two consecutive even integers x and y is 34 less than 17 times their sum, Find the two integers.
What is the sum of 7 consecutive even integers if the middle integer is n?
Which 2 consecutive integers have a sum of -105?
The sum of two consecutive integers is -21, Find the two integers.
The sum of two consecutive integers is -71, what are those integers?
Find the second of the three consecutive positive even integers such that the product of the first and second is 64 less than the square of the third.
Find 3 consecutive integers such that the product of all 3, decreased by the cube of the first, is 33.
The sum of 3 numbers is 137,The second number is 4 more than 2 times the first number, The third is 5 less than three times the first number, Find the 3 numbers.
Twice the sum of a number and 8 is 40, Find the number.
The sum of three integers is 61, the sum of the first and second exceeds the third by 71, the third integer is 36 less than the first, Find the three integers.
The product of two positive integers is 64, Determine the two integers if one number is 4 times the other.
What is the smallest of three positive consecutive odd integers if the product of the second and third integers is 63?
Eight times the sum of three consecutive even integers is 108 more than 21 times the smallest of three integers.
One number is twice another number, when the larger is diminished by 10, the result is 2 greater than the smaller, Find the numbers.
There are three consecutive odd integers, such that three times the first, minus two times the second, plus 13, equals negative three times the sum of the first and the third, what is the first integer?
The sum of two numbers is ten, Three times the larger number is three less than eight times the smaller number, what is the smaller number?
What is twice the first of three consecutive even integers is ten more than the third, find the integers.
Twice the smallest of three consecutive even integers is four more than the largest, Find the integers.
Find three consecutive even integers, such that 7 times the middle integer is 10 more than the sum of first and third.
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is eight more than three times the smaller, Find the two odd integers.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and -14.
The sum of two numbers is 56, their difference is 22, Find the larger number.
The difference of the squares of two positive consecutive even integers is 44, Find the integers.
Find three consecutive positive odd integers such that the product of the first and the third is 4 less than 7 Times the second.
Find the smallest of three consecutive positive integers such that the product of two smaller integers is 68 more than twice the largest integer.
Find four consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the 4 is 3 more than 3 times the fourth integer.
Find the larger of two consecutive integers if the second is 13 less than twice the smaller.
The sum of four consecutive odd numbers is 128, then the smallest number is?
When three times a number is added to the square of the number the result is 10, Find the number.
What is the largest number which is the product of two positive integers whose sum is 2005?
Find two consecutive integers such that half the smaller plus three times the larger is -32.
Find three consecutive numbers whose sum is nine greater than the largest number.
3 consecutive even integers are given by x, x+2, and x+4,Find these three numbers such that the sum of the first, two times the second, and three times the third is 124.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the largest and 5 times the smallest is -244.
Find the three consecutive integers whose sum is 99.
What three consecutive even integers have a sum of 150?
Find 4 consecutive integers such that twice the sum of the two largest integers is 91 more than 3 times the first integer.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the product of the first two minus four times the third is 19.
The product of two consecutive even integers is 10 less than five times their sum, Find the two integers.
Find two numbers whose sum is 23 and the difference of whose squares is 207.
Six times a number subtracted from the number squared is 40, Find the number.
Sixteen less than a square of a number is the same as 6 times the number, Find the number.
Find three consecutive even integers such that their sum decreased by the third is 82.
The product of three consecutive odd numbers is 6,783, what is the first number?
Find 3 consecutive integers such that the sum of the first two integers is nine more than the third integer.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the least integer and the middle integer is 46 more than the greatest integer.
Find two consecutive even integers such that the smaller added to four times the larger gives a sum of 38.
The sum of two consecutive integers is 73, Find the smallest integer.
The sum of two consecutive numbers is 33, what is the smaller of these numbers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that 10 times the first when added to the third is equal to the square of the second.
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 153, which is the LARGEST number?
Find 2 consecutive even integers such that twice the smaller is 16 more than one-third the larger.
The product of 2 consecutive even integers is five thousand, one hundred two more than nine times their sum, what are the two integers?
The sum of four consecutive even integers is -100, Find the absolute value of the smallest integer.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and the third increased by 8 is 40 more than the second.
Find two consecutive positive even integers such that the square of the second integer summed with the first integer is 40.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of three-fifths of the first and one-fourth of the second is 13.
One integer is two times the next integer, find both integers.
Find the smallest of four consecutive integers such that if twice the sum of the two smallest is added to three times the sum of the two largest, the result is 77.
The sum of three consecutive integers is negative 72, Find the numbers.
Find four consecutive integers such that the sum of the second and the fourth is 200.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the smallest integer and twice the second is 12 more than the third.
The sum of the three smallest of four consecutive odd integers is 30 more than the largest integer, what are the four consecutive odd integers?
Four times the sum of the first and third of three consecutive odd integers is one less than seven times the middle integer, Find the integers.
What 4 consecutive integers have a sum of -34?
What number increased by 30% equals 260?
When 5 times a number is added to twice the number, the result is 10, Find the number.
Find three consecutive integers such that four times their sum is equal to the product of the larger two numbers.
If the sum of a number and 7 is tripled, the result is 3 less than twice the number.
The sum of two numbers is 40, the sum of twice the larger and 4 times the smaller is 108, Find the numbers.
One number is 5 more than another number, three times the first plus twice the second is 30, find the numbers.
The difference between two numbers is 18, twice the smaller number plus three times the larger is 74, what are the numbers?
The difference between two numbers is 9, the sum of twice the larger number and three times the smaller number is 33, Find the two numbers.
116 is divisible by how many numbers?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the largest increased by three times the second is 47 less than the smallest.
One number is 4 less than another, If 10 times the smaller number minus 3 times the larger number is 51, find the two numbers.
The difference of two numbers is 18, twice the smaller number is 56 less than three time the larger, what are the numbers?
One number is 6 less than a second number, twice the second number is 48 more than 5 times the first, find the 2 numbers?
The sum of the squares of three consecutive positive odd integers is 35, Find the integers.
One number is 6 more than another, if the sum of the smaller number and 3 times the larger number is 34, fined the two numbers.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and third is 63.
The difference of two numbers is 12, the sum of 2 times the greater number and 6 more than the lesser number is 60, what are the two numbers.
Three consecutive integers are such that the square of the third is 76more than the square of the second, Find the integers.
Twice the square of a positive integer is 12 more than 10 times that integer, what is the integer?
Three times a larger number added to 4 times a smaller number totals 24, when twice the smaller number is subtracted from twice the larger number, the result is 2, what are the two numbers?
If 5 times the first number plus three times the second number equals 47, and 10 times the first number minus 4 times the second number equals 54, what are the numbers?
The sum of the two digit number is 7, when you reversed the number it was increased by 27, what is the original number?
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 9, if the digits are reversed, the number is increased by 45, Find the original number.
Find a 2 digit number whose tens digit is 3 less than the units digit, the original number is 5 more than 4 times the sum of the digits.
If 4 is added to a number and the sum is doubled, the result is 18 less than the number, Find the number?
There is only one positive integer which is exactly twice the sum of its digits, what is the two-digit number?
Four times the difference of a number and six is equal to twice the number, Find the number.
Find two consecutive odd positive integers such that the twice the square of the larger minus the square of the smaller is 41.
The sum of a two-digit number and its reverse is 121, the ones digit is seven more than the tens digit, what is the number?
The sum of three numbers is 5, the sum of the first and second number is 3, and the first number is one more than three times the third number, how many of the numbers are even numbers?
I think of a number if I multiply it by 6 the answer will be 80, what is the number?
76 is 80% of what number?
Twice the difference of a number and 6 is equal to three times the sum of the number and 4, Find the number.
The difference when 7 less than a number is subtracted from twice the number is 12, what is the number?
If three is added to five times a number, the result is thirty-one more than the number, find the number.
A two digit number exceeds the sum of the squares of the digits by 19 and double the product of the digits by 44, Find the sum of the digits of the number.
When 3 times a certain number is added to twice its reciprocal the result is 5, what is the number?
The sum of a number and 12 times its reciprocal is 7, Find all numbers that meet this condition.
A two digit number is 5 times the sum of its digits, when 9 is added to the number the result is the original number with its digits reversed, find the original number.
A two-digit number is three less than seven times the sum of its digits, if the digits are reversed, the new number is 18 less than the original number, what is the original number?
Find three consecutive integers such that 3 times the least is 4 more than twice the greatest.
Find the five odd consecutive integers if the sum of the first and the fifth is one less than three times the fourth?
Find 5 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the fifth is one less than 3 times the fourth.
In a two-digit number, the ten's digit is 3 more than the one's digit, If the digits are reversed, the difference between the two numbers is 27, Find the number.
The second of three numbers is 8 more than the first and the third number is 3 less than 3 times the first, If the third number is 15 more than the second, find the three numbers.
Find three consecutive even integers such that five times the second equals twice the sum of the first and the third?
It is an odd two-digit number, the sum of its digits is 8, and the sum of the squares of its digits is 50, what is it?
The tens digit of a three-digit number exceeds the hundreds digit by the same amount that the units digit exceeds the tens digit, When the digits are reversed, the new number exceeds the original number by 198, Find the original number.
Given three consecutive integers, when half the second integer is subtracted from twice the first one the result is eleven less than the third one, Find the three integers.
If 1/3 is added to the reciprocal of a number, the result is 3 more than 3 times the reciprocal of the original number, Find the number.
The difference of two numbers is 48, the second is 8 less than 5 times the first, what are the two numbers.
A two-digit number is equal to 7 times the unit’s digit, if 18 is added to the number, its digits are reversed, find the number.
Find 4 consecutive even integers where the product of the two smaller numbers is 72 less than the product of the two larger numbers?
The sum of the digits of a 2-digit number is 7, If 27 is added to the number, the result is expressed by the digits in reverse order, Find the number.
The products of three pairs of numbers are equal, One number in the second pair is 2 bigger, and one in the third pair is 3 bigger, than the first number in the first pair, The other numbers in the second and third pairs are respectively 15 and 18 less than second number of the first pair, Find each pair.
A number is 72 less than its square, Find all such numbers.
If the average of ten consecutive odd integers is 20, what is the average of the last five of those integers?
Three consecutive even integers are such that the sum of the smallest and 3 times the second is 38 more than twice the third, what are the integers?
If The Divisor Is 4 And The Quotient Is 8, What Is The Dividend?
Two consecutive odd numbers total -20, Find the smaller.
The sum of half a number and its reciprocal is the same as 51 divided by the number, Find the number.
Three times the sum of twice a number and five is equal to five less than the number, what is the number?
Two numbers differ by 3, the sum of the larger and one fourth the smaller is 13, what are the numbers?
The tens digit of a two-digit number is 1 less than five times the units digit, The square of the units digit is 5 less than the tens digit, Find the number.
The tens digit of a two-digit number is 3 more than the units digit, the number is 8 more than six times the sum of the digits, What is the number?
Find three consecutive even numbers such that the sum of the smallest and twice the second is 20 more than the third.
If three times the smaller of two consecutive even integers is added to the larger, the result is 4 more than three times the larger, Find the two numbers.
I think of a number, I multiply the number by 5 and minus 60, I end up with the number I started with, what is my number?
Find a number whose product with 6 is the same as its sum with 45.
Frida is thinking of number, she adds 15 to her number and finds that the result is 4 times her number, what is her number?
Six more than a number is 3 times the number, what is the number?
If a & b are the roots of x^2+8x-5=0, find the values of a^3+b^3 and a^3*b^3.
What is the sum of the first 100 even numbers?
Find the sum of all the multiples of three between 1 and 100.
If a^2 + b^2 + c^2 = 99, and ab + bc + ac = 35, find the value of a + b + c.
If a-b=b-3=6, what is the value of a?
A three-digit number satisfies the following conditions: the digits are consecutive whole numbers; the sum of the digits is greater than 10 and less than 20; and the tens digit is an odd number, what is the number?
Given that a + b = 10 and a^2 - b^2 = 40, find the value of a - b.
The quotient of a number and -7, decreased by 2, is 10, Find the number.
Nine less than the quotient of a number and 3 is 18, Find the number.
The sum of a number plus half of itself is 18.75, Find the number.
The sum of 1/9, 2/3, and 5/18 is?
What number is 17% of 200?
Find the number that is 27 greater than twice the opposite of itself.
If A denotes the sum of even integers from 2 to 118 inclusive, and B denotes the sum of odd integers from 3 to 119 inclusive, what is the value of B-A?
Find two integers such that their sum is -1 and the sum of their squares is 61.
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 13, the number is 4 more than 5 times the unit digit, find the number.
If y varies inversely as the square of x and y=5 when x=2.5, what is the value of y when x=9?
Find three consecutive integers such that five times the third integer equals twice the first integer plus seven more than the second integer.
If log 28 = log 4 + log x, what is the value of x?
A number when increased by 40% becomes 42, what is the number?
What number increased by 30 % equals 490?
What is the sum of the first 15 counting numbers?
The sum of 6 times a number (N) and (4) is -30, what is the number?
If x + 3y = 12 and 2/3x - y = 5, what is the value of X?
If the average (arithmetic mean) of x, 5x, and 6x is 8, what is the value of x?
The first and seventh terms in a sequence are 1 and 365 respectively, if each term after the first in the sequence is formed by multiplying the preceding term by 3 and subtracting 1, what is the sixth term?
Six times the reciprocal of a number equals 2 times the reciprocal of 4, find the number?
What is the sum of the arithmetic sequence 174, 168, 162 , if there are 37 terms?
If the sum of four consecutive terms in an arithmetic progression is 28 and the sum of the square of each term is 216, find the sum of the 1st and 4th terms.
I am a number between 400 and 500, My ones digit is 3 more than my tens digit, The sum of my digits is 13,What number am I?
If 7 is added to a quarter of a certain number, the answer is 10, what is the number?
The sum of the digits of a 2-digit is 10, If the digits are reversed the new is 18 less than the original, what is the answer?
One half the sum of a number and 2 is equal to one third of the difference of three times the number and six, what is the number?
Find the 3 consecutive integers with the sum of 267.
A three digit number grows by 9 if we exchange the second and third digit and grows by 90 if we exchange the first and second digits, by how much would it grow if we exchange the first and third digits?
Find four consecutive odd integers so that the sum of smallest integer and the largest integer is the same as the sum of the four integers?
Find two numbers so that twice their sum equals their product and one number is 9 times the other number, enter the smaller number first.
What is the product of 3+2/3 and 14+2/5?
When the product of 1/3 and 1/2 is subtracted from the sum of 1/3 and 1/2, what is the difference?
What is the number x in 2+x/7 = 20/7?
The sum of two consecutive integers is -313, Find the larger integer?
The first and second terms of a geometric sequence have a sum of 15, while the second and third terms have a sum of 60, Use an algebraic method to find the first three terms.
If the sum of lcm and gcd of 2 consecutive numbers is 157, what is the sum of these numbers?
If x + y = 4, and x + z = 9, what is the value of (y - z)?
How many positive integers less than 1,000 do not have 7 as any digit?
In an arithmetic progression, the 8th term is three times the 3rd term and the 10th term is 19, Find the common difference and the sum of the terms from the 3rd to the 9th term inclusive.
The sum of one half of a number, one third of that number, and one fourth of the same number is one tenth, what is the number?
If the numerator of a fraction is increased by 3, the fraction becomes 3/4, If the denominator is decreased by 7, the fraction becomes 1, Determine the original fraction.
Which two consecutive whole numbers is square root of 29 between?
The difference of the reciprocals of two consecutive integers is 1/72, Find the smaller of the two integers.
The square root of the sum of two consecutive integers is equal to 9, find the smaller integer.
Finding the sum of series, 3+6+12+24+...+384?
When the reciprocal of 4 times a number is subtracted from 2, the result is twice the reciprocal of the number, Find the number.
The number A = 200420052006....2040 is formed by putting the consecutive integers from 2004 to 2040 together, what is the remainder when A is divided by 9?
The digits of a three digit number are consecutive integers, When the digits are reversed the resulting number is 198 larger than the original number, If the original number is an integral multiple of 7, what is the original number?
The numerator of a fraction is 5 less than the denominator, If 1 is added to both the numerator and the denominator the fraction would become 2/3, Find the fraction.
The sum of the reciprocals of two consecutive odd integers is 8/15, Find the integers.
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers is 3 more than 5 times the least of the integers, Find the integers.
What number can be subtracted from both the numerator and the denominator of 17/25 to form a fraction equal to 3/5?
When the reciprocal of three times a number is subtracted from the reciprocal of the number, the result is one sixth, Find the number.
If x^64 = 64 then x ^32 =?
The sum of two numbers is 18 and their difference is 4, what are the two numbers?
Two numbers have a sum of 22. Their difference is 4, what are the two numbers?
Two numbers have a difference of 10 and the sum of 34, what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 38, their difference is 12, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 39 and their difference is 7, what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 20, their difference is 4, Find the two numbers.
One number exceeds another by 5, and their sum is 29; find them.
The sum of two numbers is 621, and their difference is 109, Find the two numbers.
Find two numbers whose sum is 55 and whose difference is 13.
A number exceeds another number by 5, the sum of the numbers is 19, find the numbers.
One number exceeds another by -6, the sum of the numbers is 12, what are the numbers?
Two numbers have a sum of 39, their difference is 11, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 2, if one number is subtracted from the other, the result is 8, Find the numbers.
Find two numbers whose sum is 64 and whose difference is 42.
The sum of two numbers is 70, one number is eight more than the other, what are the two numbers?
The sum of 2 numbers is 75, the larger number is 3 more than the smaller number, what’re the numbers?
The sum of two integers is 42, their difference is 8 find the integers.
If a number is 2 more than a second and their sum is 30, find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 50, the difference between these numbers is 10 then find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 64, the smaller number is 12 less than the larger number, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 55, the smaller is 5 less than the larger, what are the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 35, if the larger number is 7 greater than the smaller number, find the numbers.
The sum of two integers is zero, the difference of the same two integers is 16, what are the two integers?
One number is 10 less than another number, if their sum is 60, what are the numbers?
One number is seven less than another, the sum of the numbers is 35, Find the numbers.
Find two numbers whose sum is 53 and whose difference is 27, what is the larger number? What is the smaller number?
The sum of two consecutive integers is 145, Find the two integers.
The second of two numbers is 4 more than the first, the sum of the numbers is 56, if x represents the first number, and y represents the second number, what are the numbers?
What two numbers have a sum of 34 and a difference of 10?
The sum of two numbers is 28, their difference is 4, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 31, their difference is 9, what are the two numbers?
A+B = 22 and A - B = 4, so what is the value of A and B?
1405 is the sum of 2 consecutive numbers, what are they?
The sum of two numbers is 90, their difference is 18, find the numbers?
Find two numbers whose sum is 64 and whose difference is 8.
The sum of two numbers is 48, and their difference is 24, what are the numbers?
The difference between two numbers is 9, Find the numbers, if their sum is 46.
One number is three less than another, their sum is eleven, Find the numbers.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of 2 times the first integer and 4 times the second integer is 46.
Find 3 consecutive even integers such that three times the second equals 4 more than the sum of the first and the third.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the first and the third is 12 less than four times the second.
Find three consecutive even numbers so that the sum of the first and third numbers is 22 less than three times the second number.
Four times the sum of two consecutive integers is equal to 2 more than 14 times the larger integer, Find the integers.
Find 3 consecutive odd integers whose sum is -81.
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is -81.
The sum of two numbers is 76, the second is 8 more than 3 times the first, what are the two numbers?
One number is 4 more than twice the second number, their total is 25. Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 78, if four times the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number, the result is 13, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 13, the larger number is 1 more than 3 times the smaller number, what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 32; the larger number is 12 greater than twice the smaller, what are the 2 numbers?
One number is 3 more than twice a second number, their sum is 27, Find the numbers.
One number is 5 more than twice another number, the sum of the numbers is 35, Find the numbers.
The two integers sum up to 36, if the larger of these integers is divided by the other, the quotient is 2 and the remainder is 3, Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 78, the second is 8 more than 4 times the first, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 94, the second is 6 more than 3 times the first, what are the two numbers?
One number is 2 more than three times a second number, the sum of the two numbers is 30, find the two numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 825, Dividing the larger number by the smaller number yields 8 with a remainder of 15, what are the 2 numbers?
If 9 is added to twice a number and this sum is multiplied by 3, the result is the same as if the number is multiplied by 4 and 13 is added to the product, what is the number?
The difference between a number and fifteen is seven, Find the number.
A number subtracted from 17 gives the quotient of 48 and -8, Find the number.
What is the sum of 1 and 1?
Three times the larger of two numbers is equal to four times the smaller, the sum of the numbers is 21, Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 22, five times one number is equal to 6 times the second number, Find the numbers.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the twice the first, six times the second and three times the third is 133.
5 times the sum of three consecutive integers is 150, what are the integers?
Three times the sum of three consecutive integers is 72, what are the integers?
Three consecutive odd counting numbers have the property that the sum of the largest and twice the smallest is 91, what is the middle number?
The larger of two numbers is 8 more than four times the smaller, if the larger is increased by four times the smaller, the result is 40, Find the numbers.
If 3 is subtracted from four times a number, the result is 10 less than five times the number, Find the number.
Which value is a solution to 60+2x=12x+10?
Phil found that the sum of twice a number and -21 is 129 greater than the opposite of the number, what is the number?
A number consists of two digits, the digit at ten's place is 4 times the digit at unit's place, On changing the place of digits, the new number formed is 54 less than the original number, Find the number?
The sum of two numbers is 82, the larger number is 17 less than twice the smaller number, what are the two numbers?
Two numbers have sum of 32, if the second is five less than four times the first, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 112, the greater of the two is 32 less than 11 times the lesser number, Find the numbers?
The larger of two numbers is 5 less than twice the smaller number, the sum of the two numbers is 28, what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 48, Three times the smaller number is the same as 32 more than the larger, Find the two numbers.
The larger of two numbers is 7 less than 4 times the smaller, Find the numbers given that their sum is 28.
Separate 89 into two parts so that the second part is 4 less than twice the first part?
The sum of two numbers is 100, five times the smaller number is eight more than the larger, Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is fourteen, the difference between two times the smaller and the larger is one, find the two numbers.
Grant is thinking of two numbers, He says that one of the numbers is six times the other number decreased by 2 and the sum of the numbers is 25, what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 240, the larger number is 6 less than twice the smaller number, Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 12, when one number is subtracted from three times the other, the result is 5, Find the numbers.
Separate the number 57 into two parts so that the first number is three less than twice the second number.
The sum of two numbers is 62, Two times the lesser number is 4 more than the greater number, what are the numbers?
Twice the greater of two consecutive odd integers is thirteen less than three times the lesser number?
Twice the greater of two consecutive odd integers is 13 less than three times the lesser number.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that 5 times the first integer is 12 more than 3 times the second.
Twice the greater of two consecutive odd integers is 13 less than three times the lesser, Find the integers.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that six times the first equals ten more than four times the second.
Three times the greater of two consecutive odd integers is five less than four times the smaller, Find the two numbers.
Four times an integer is 9 more than three times the next consecutive odd integer, what are two odd integers?
Five times the first of 3 consecutive even integers is 4 less than the twice of the sum of 2nd and 3rd, find the three even numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 23, twice the larger number is 4 more than 4 times the smaller, what are the numbers?
The sum of two integers is fifteen, Eight times the smaller is 1 less than three times the larger, Find the numbers.
The sum of two integers is twenty, five times the smaller integer is two more than twice the larger integer, find the two integers.
The sum of two numbers is 88, Three times the smaller equals twice the larger number, plus 29, Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 18, Find the numbers, if three times the smaller is one less than twice the larger.
The sum of two integers is ten, three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer, find the integers.
The sum of 2 numbers is 33, Three times one number is six less than four times the other, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two integers is ten, three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer, find the integers.
The sum of two integers is 10, three times the larger integer is three less than 8 times the smaller integer, Find the integers.
One number is two times another, Eight times the smaller is two more than twice the larger number, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two consecutive integers is 105, Find the integers.
The sum of two consecutive integers is 237, Find the two integers.
The left and right page numbers of an open book are two consecutive integers whose sum is 449, find the page numbers.
Find two consecutive integers whose sum is 35.
The sum of two consecutive integers is 19, what are the integers?
Find two consecutive integers whose sum is 83.
Find two consecutive whole numbers whose sum is 291.
The sum of the numbers on two consecutive post office boxes is 547, what are the numbers?
The sum of 2 consecutive numbers is 95, what are the numbers.
Two consecutive integers whose sum is 75.
Find two consecutive integers whose sum is 383.
What are two consecutive numbers whose sum is 23?
Two consecutive integers whose sum is 23.
Find two consecutive integers whose sum is 27.
Find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 126.
Find two consecutive numbers whose sum is 71.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 20 more than twice the smaller.
The larger of two consecutive even integers is 2 more than twice the smaller, find the numbers.
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 176.
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 56.
What are two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 56?
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum equals to 84, list from least to greatest.
Find 2 consecutive odd integers whose sum is 56.
Two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 164.
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 56, Find the two odd integers.
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 28.
Please find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 176.
What two consecutive odd integers have a sum of 88?
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 24, Find the integers.
If the sum of two consecutive odd integer is 76 find the number.
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 24, find the two integers.
For three consecutive integers, the sum of 3 times the first integer and 2 times the second integer is 5 less than 4 times the third integer, what are the three consecutive integers?
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of 8 times the first integer and 7 times the second integer is 127.
If five times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger, the result is 59, Find the integers.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of five times the smaller and three times the larger is 67.
Find two consecutive integers such that twice the first added to three times the second is equal to 83.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the first integer and three times the second integer is 28.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is six less than twice the smaller.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is six less than three times the lesser.
Find two consecutive even integers such that twice the smaller is 10 more than the larger.
The larger of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than 3 times the smaller, Find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is six less than twice the smaller, Find the two numbers.
Find two consecutive even integers that twice the smaller diminished by twenty is equal to the larger.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 58 less than three times the smaller, find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than three times the less: Find the integers.
An even integer is doubled, the result is 16 more than the next consecutive even integer, Find the two integers.
Find two consecutive even integers such that twice the smaller diminished by twenty is equal to the larger.
Find 2 consecutive even integers such that the greater is 6 less than 3 times the lesser.
Find three consecutive numbers whose sum is 126.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 87, what are the integers?
Find three consecutive numbers whose sum is 48.
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 96.
Find three of the consecutive integer whose sum is equal to six, List answers from least to greatest?
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 249.
Find three consecutive numbers whose sum is 90.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 90 find the three numbers by letting x represent the first integer and find the three numbers by letting x represent the second integer.
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 336.
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 171.
What are the three consecutive integers whose sum is 114?
The sum of three consecutive integers is thirty, what are the numbers?
The sum of three consecutive integers is 48, what is the set of three consecutive integers that fits this situation?
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 111, what are the three numbers?
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 315.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 42, Find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 87. Find the integers.
The sum of which three consecutive integers is 42.
Find 3 consecutive integers whose sum is 27?
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 63.
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 216, Find the four integers.
Four consecutive odd integers have a sum of 120, what are the integers?
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers is 216, Find the four integers.
Find four consecutive odd integers whose sum is 416.
Find four consecutive odd integers whose sum is 144.
Find four Consecutive odd integers whose sum is 336.
Find four consecutive odd integers whose sum is 360.
Find four consecutive integers whose sum is 94.
Find four consecutive integers whose sum is 62.
What are 4 consecutive numbers when totalled equal 434?
The sum of 4 consecutive integers of 114.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than three times the lesser, Find the integers.
Find two consecutive integers such that twice the first is 26 more than the second.
Find two consecutive integers such that twice the smaller is 16 more than the larger.
Find a set of four consecutive positive integers such that the greatest integer in the set is twice the least integer in the set.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 33 more than the least of the integers, Find the integers.
The sum of 3 consecutive integers is 33 more than the least of the integers, find the integers.
If one third of a number is 6 less than half of the number, what is the number?
A number when multiplied by 7/18 instead of 7/8 and got the result770 less than the actual result, find the original number?
One Third of a number is 5 less than half of the same number, what is the number?
Find three consecutive integers such that when twice the second is subtracted from three times the third, results in 74?
Five times a number subtracted from 3 times the number equals 20, Find the number.
Twice a number is 220 less than six times a number.
Twice a number is 12 less than 6 times the opposite of the number, what is the number?
Three times a number is 10 less than five times the number, find the number.
Eight times what number is 11 more than four times the number?
3 times a number is 7 more than twice the number, what is the number?
Four times a number is 36 greater than the product of the number and -2, what is the number?
Five times a number subtracted from seven times the number is a result of 18?
Six times a number equals 3 times the number, increased by 24, find the number.
Three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 417.
The sum of 3 consecutive odd numbers is 39, what are the numbers?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 123, Find the integers.
Find three consecutive odd numbers whose sum is 111.
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 33.
3 consecutive odd integers whose sum is one hundred eighty three.
If the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 237 then what are the integers.
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 105.
The sum of 3 consecutive odd numbers is 39, Find the numbers.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69, Find the integers.
The sum of what three consecutive odd numbers is 39.
If the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 237, then what are the integers?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is equal to 39, Write the equation that describes this situation and determine the three integers.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 171, what are the integers?
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 273.
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 123.
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 273, what are the numbers?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 249, Find the numbers.
Are there three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 75? If so, find them.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 201, Find the integers.
What is three odd consecutive integers of 99?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 63, Find the numbers.
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 75.
Consecutive even integers, Find four consecutive even integers whose sum is 340.
Find four consecutive even integers whose sum is 340.
The sum of four consecutive even numbers is 124, what are the numbers?
Find four consecutive even integers with the sum of 68.
Find 3 consecutive integers such that 4 times the middle integer plus the largest integer is 9 less than 6 times the smallest.
For two consecutive integers the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 38, what are the integers.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and 3 times the second is 55.
When the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger the result is 199, Find the smaller integer.
The sum of the smaller of two consecutive integers and twice the larger integer is 47, what are the integers?
When the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger, the result is 43, Find the two integers.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and twice the second is 203.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the smaller and twice the greater is 32.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and four times the second is 119.
For 2 consecutive integers, the result of adding the smaller integer and triple the larger integer is 79, what are the 2 integers?
When the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger, the result is 39, Find the integers.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the smallest and twice the second is 20 more than the third.
Find three consecutive even integers so that the sum of the smallest integer and twice the second integer is 20 more than the third.
Three consecutive even numbers add up to 234, find the three numbers.
The sum of 3 consecutive even integers is 222, Find the numbers.
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 72, Find the three integers.
Find three consecutive even numbers whose sum is 114.
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 228, Find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 30, Find the integers?
Find three consecutive even integers whose sum is 192.
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 54, Find all three integers.
Find four consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first three exceeds twice the fourth by 5.
Find the value of y in the following to make it an arithmetic sequence y+8, 4y+6, 3y.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that six times the sum of the first and second is 2 more than 10 times the third.
Find the consecutive odd numbers such that twice the sum of the first and second is one more than three times the third.
Three consecutive odd integers such that seven times the sum of the first two integers is three more than nine times the third integer.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that if six times the first is subtracted from the sum of twice the second plus five times the third, the result is 53.
What two consecutive odd integers have a sum of -56?
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is -40, Find the integers.
What are two consecutive even integers such that the sum of the larger and 3 times the smaller is 234?
Find two consecutive even integers such that the larger, added to eight times the smaller, equals 110.
Find four consecutive even integers such that twice the least increased by the greatest is 96.
Three times the greatest of 3 consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by 38, Find the integers.
Three times the greatest of three consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by 38, what are the integers?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the third is 7 greater than the second decreased by -14.
The difference between two numbers is 14 and half of their sum is 25, what are the numbers?
Find 2 numbers with the mean of 14 and a difference of 4.
The sum of two consecutive integers is two less than three times the smaller number, Find the integers.
Find four consecutive even integers such that the sum of the first three exceeds the fourth by 8.
The sum of three consecutive positive integers is 246, Find the largest integer.
The sum of 3 consecutive integers is 54, what is the greatest of the three integers?
The sum of the third and twice the first of three consecutive odd integers is 49, Find all three consecutive odd integers.
Find three consecutive odd integers suck that the sum of the greatest and twice the least is 25.
The sum of one half of the first even integer, one third of the third even integer and one fourth of the fifth even integer is equal to 12, what are the 5 consecutive even integers?
One positive number is 5 times another number, the difference between the two numbers is 124, find the numbers.
The difference between two positive integers is 42, one integer is three times as great as the other, Find the integers.
One number equals three times another number, the difference between the numbers is 10, find the numbers.
One number is 8 times another; their difference is 28, what are the numbers?
The difference between two integers is 38, one integer is three times as great as the other, Find the integers.
One positive number is 5 times another number, the difference between the two numbers is 1524, find the numbers.
One number is twice another number, the larger number is also 32 more than the smaller number, Find the numbers.
One number is twice another number, the larger number is also 24 more than the smaller number, Find the numbers.
The smaller of two numbers is thrice the larger, the larger number is 8 more than the smaller one, find the numbers?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the largest is three times the smallest.
Twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is seven more than the largest, Find the integers.
Twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is three more than the largest, Find the integers.
Twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is seven more than the largest, determine the integers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that twice the first is 7 more than the third.
One number is 5 times another number, the sum of the two numbers is 270, what is the number?
The sum of two numbers is 52, the larger number is three times the smaller number, Find the larger number.
The larger of two numbers is 5 times the smaller number the sum of the numbers is 54, find the larger number.
One integer is four times another, the sum of the integers is 65, what is the value of the lesser integer?
Find four consecutive even integers so that the sum of the first three is 2 more than twice the fourth.
What are consecutive numbers where the 1st and 3rd equal 58?
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the smallest and the largest is 40.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and the third is 40.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the smallest and the largest is 36.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and third is 84.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and third is 76.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and last is 44.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and third is forty two.
Three times the greatest of three consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by the 38, Write an equation and Find the integers.
Four times the smallest of three consecutive even integers is ten more than three times the largest integer, Find the integers?
Find four consecutive integers such that twice the sum of the two greater integers exceeds three times the first by 91.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that seven times the first equals five times the second.
Five times the first of two consecutive odd integers is three times the second, Find the integers?
Seven times the first of two consecutive odd integers is equal to five times the second, Find each integer.
The sum of two consecutive even integers is -298, what are the integers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is -78, find the two integers.
The larger of 2 integers is one more than three times the smaller, if the sum of the two integers is 37, find the larger integer.
The sum of two numbers is 70, the larger number is 4 more than twice the smaller number, what is the smaller number?
One integer is 3 more than twice another integer, if sum of the two integers is 36, what is the smaller integer?
The sum of two integers is fifty seven, twice the smaller integer is six less than the larger integer, find the smaller integer.
Find two consecutive even integers such that 3 times the smaller is 12 more than 2 times the larger.
Find two consecutive even integers so that three times the smaller is 40 more than two times the larger.
Find two consecutive even integers such that three times the lesser integer is eight more than twice the greater integer.
Find three consecutive even integers such that two times the sum of the first and the second is equal to three times the third.
The sum of two integers is greater than 12, one integer is ten less than twice the other, what are the least values of the integers?
Find 4 consecutive integers such that the sum of the first three exceeds the 4th by 18.
Find two consecutive integers such that 4 times the larger exceeds 3 times the smaller by 23.
Find two consecutive integers such that 4 times the largest exceeds 3 times the smaller by 23.
Find two consecutive integers such that four times the larger exceeds three times the smaller by 23.
Four times the greater of two consecutive integers is 1 more than five times the lesser number, Find the integers.
Find 2 consecutive integers where twice the smaller increased by 26 is equal to three times the larger.
3 times an integer is 41 less than 5 times the next consecutive integer, Find the two consecutive integers.
Of three consecutive even integers, the sum of the smallest two integers is equal to 6 less than the largest, find the integers.
There are 3 consecutive odd integers whose sum is 303, what is the value of the 3rd odd integer?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69, what is the largest of the integers?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 27, what is the middle integer?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 417, what is the largest of the three consecutive integers?
3 consecutive odd numbers add up to 33, which is the highest?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the second minus the third is 11 more than the first.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the middle integer is seven more than the sum of the first and third integer.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that five times the middle integer equals 33 more than the sum of the first and the last.
There are three consecutive odd integers and sum of smaller is 49 less than 3 times largest integer find the three odd integer.
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third integer is the sum of the second integer and 7.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and 43.
Find the three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and 31.
The sum of an integer and three times the next consecutive integer is 47, what is the original integer?
Four times the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is 236 more than the sum of the other two integers, Find the integers.
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that 3 times the smallest, is 5 more than the sum of the 2nd and 3rd.
Find two consecutive odd number such that when smaller number is subtracted from 3 time bigger number, the result is 56.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that twice the larger is 17 more than the smaller.
The sum of two consecutive integers 111. Three times the larger integer less two times the smaller integer is 58, Find the value of the smaller integer.
Find the largest of three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first two integers is five more than the third integer.
3 times the first of three consecutive numbers is 4 more than 2 times the second, what are the three numbers?
Twice the lesser of two consecutive odd integers decreased by the greater integer is 53, what are the integers?
Find 2 consecutive odd integers such that three times the first minus the second equals 24.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that three times the first minus the second equals 24.
If the lesser of two consecutive odd integers is doubled, the result is 7 more than the greater of the two integers, Find the two integers.
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is one less than twice the smaller, Find the integers.
3 times an odd integer is 12 more than the next consecutive odd integer.
The sum of two numbers is -3, if the second number is subtracted from the first, the difference is 27, find the numbers.
Two integers have a difference of -11 and a sum of -3, what are the integers?
Two integers have a sum of -9 and a difference of 5, what are the integers?
The sum of two numbers is -52, the first number minus the second is -30, find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is -16, the difference of the same numbers is 8, Find the numbers.
Find 3 consecutive numbers such that twice the smallest is 23 more than the largest.
Find three consecutive integers such that three times the smallest is 14 more than the largest.
The sum of the positive odd integers less than 100 is subtracted from the sum of the positive even integers less than or equal to 100, what is the resulting difference?
If the sum of five consecutive integers is 60, find the value of the largest integer.
The sum of 5 consecutive integers is 1,000, what is the value of the greatest of these integers?
What is the greatest of 5 consecutive integers if the sum of these integers equals 185?
If the sum of five consecutive positive integers is 2005, then what is the largest of these numbers?
The greater of two consecutive integers is ten greater than twice the lesser, find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive integers is 20 more than twice the smaller, find the integers.
The greater of 2 consecutive integers is 15 more than twice the smaller.
The larger of two consecutive integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller, find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is 7 greater than twice the lesser, Find the integers.
The larger of the two consecutive integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller, Find the integers
Find two consecutive integers such that the greater of the two is 20 more than twice the smaller.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that 4 times the sum of the last two is 2 greater than 10 times the first.
Find four consecutive even integers whose sum is -36.
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 45 less than five times the second integer, Find the third integer.
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers is 336, Find the largest integer.
The sum of four consecutive integers is 54, what is the LARGEST of these integers?
The sum of four consecutive integers is 250, what is the greatest of these integers?
Find 5 consecutive even integers such that the greatest minus twice the least is -96.
If five is added to the sum of twice a number and three times the number, the result is 25, Find the number.
Eleven more than five times a number is equal to the difference between 227 and four times the number, find the number.
4 times a number and 5 times the same number added to 75 gives 156, Find the number.
The Sum of three consecutive integers is 234, the smallest integer among the three integers is?
What is the least of three consecutive integers whose sum is 18?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the smallest and 4 times the largest is 61.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the smallest and 4 times the largest 61.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the smallest and 7 times the largest is 68.
Find 2 consecutive odd integers such that 4 times the smaller is 29 less than 3 times the larger.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that when twice the second is subtracted from four times the first, the result is -6.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that 4 times the larger is 29 more than 3 times the smaller.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that five times the first integer is 25 less than twice the greater integer.
Four times the lesser of two consecutive even integers is 12 less than twice the greater number, Find the integers.
Find two consecutive even integers such that twice the smaller is 26 less than three times the larger.
Two times the least of three consecutive odd integers exceeds three times the greatest by 15, what are the integers?
The sum of four consecutive integers is 122, what are the integers?
The total number of medals won by athletes in each of the countries A, B, C, and D are four consecutive integers whose sum is 50, Find the number of metals for each country.
What are four consecutive integers whose sum is 234?
The sum of two consecutive integers is -287, Find the larger integer.
The sum of two consecutive integers is -277, what is the larger integer?
The sum of two consecutive integers is -223, Find the larger integer.
Find four consecutive even integers where the sum of the first three is twice the fourth.
Find four consecutive even integers so that the sum of the first three is to more than that twice the fourth.
The sum of a number and 2/5 of itself is 56, what is the number?
When 60% of a number is added to the number, the result is 192, what is the number?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is five less than twice the smallest of these integers.
Find two consecutive integers whose sum is the square of 7.
Find four consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the first and fourth is 124.
What three consecutive integers have a sum of -186?
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is -147.
Find four consecutive multiples of five such that twice the sum of the two biggest exceeds twice the smallest by ten.
Find 3 consecutive numbers such that 4 times the first is equal to 7 more than the sum of the other two.
Find three consecutive even integers so that the largest is 2 times more than the smallest.
Five consecutive odd integers whose sum is 85.
Find five consecutive odd numbers that have a sum of 65.
Find the largest of four consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the fourth is 27 less than three times the first integer.
Find the sum of the first 100 odd numbers.
What is the sum of the first 85 consecutive odd numbers?
The sum of five consecutive integers is 40, what is the smallest of the integers?
Find four consecutive integers whose sum is -38.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the first and 4 times the second is equal to 20 more than twice the third.
The smallest of three consecutive integers is 18 less than the sum of the two larger integers, Find the integers.
Two consecutive odd integers, the sum of three times the smaller and the larger is fourteen.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that the larger, added to eight times the smaller, equals 119.
If f(x) = x + 2, find the value of x if f(x) = 12.
Find two consecutive even integers such that 5 times the first integer is equal to 4 times the second.
Find two consecutive even integers such that three times the first equals twice the second.
Find two consecutive even integers such that eight times the first equals seven times the second.
Find two consecutive even integers such that nine times the smaller is equal to twelve times the larger.
The sum of three consecutive odd number is 87, find the first number.
The sum of 3 consecutive odd integers is 27, find the smallest of these integers.
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 75 what are the smallest of these numbers.
If x is an odd number and the sum of x and two consecutive odd numbers after x is 57, find the value of x.
What is the sum of 5 consecutive integers if the median number is 70?
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 87 less than five times the second integer, find the third integer.
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 81 less than five times the second integer, Find the third integers.
One number is 1 more than another doubled, if their difference is 10, find the numbers.
The difference between 2 numbers is 34, the larger number is 4 more than 3 times the smaller number, what’re the numbers?
The difference between two numbers is 19, the first number is one more than twice the second number, Find the two numbers?
One number is 15 more than another, the sum of twice the larger number and 3 times the smaller number is 180, what's the smaller number?
A fifth of the larger of two consecutive integer exceeds a seventh of the smaller by 3, Find the integers?
The sum of three numbers is 14, the sum of twice the first number, 5 times the second number, and 6 times the third number is 72,the difference between 5 times the first number and the second number is 6,find the three numbers.
If you begin with an even integer and count by two, you are counting consecutive even integers, Write and solve an equation to find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 50.
The sum of two even integers is 194, what are they?
Find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 90.
Two consecutive even integers that total 218.
Find two consecutive even integers whose sum equals 42.
Find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 46.
Two consecutive even integers have a sum of 74.
How do I find 2 consecutive even integers whose sum is 26?
The sum of two consecutive even numbers is 30, what are the numbers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 50, what are the integers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 86, Find the larger number.
If three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger, the result is 130, find the smaller integer.
If three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger the result is 137, find the smaller integer.
Three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger, the result is 67, find the smaller integer.
If three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger, the result is 137, Find the smaller integer.
Find the smallest of three consecutive even integers so that four times the smallest increased by two times the largest is 32.
Five times the sum of two consecutive odd integers is twelve times the larger of the two, find the two odd integers.
The sum of two numbers is 110, the larger number is 2 less than 7 times the smaller, Find the larger number.
If 6 is subtracted from the third of three consecutive odd integers and the result is multiplied by 2, the answer is 23 less than the sum of the first and twice the second of the integers, Find the integers.
There are three consecutive integers, the sum of twice the second and third is 61, Find the three integers.
If the largest of 87 consecutive integers is 326, what is the smallest?
Twice a number decreased by 7, gives 45, find the number.
If the product of a number and 4 is decreased by 10, the result is 50, Find the number.
420 is subtracted from the product of a number and 12, this difference is equal to 960, what is the number?
Four less than twice a number x is equal to ten.
How do you write find a number such that seven less than twice the number is 43 as an equation?
If 5 is decreased by 3 times a number, the result is -4.
If a number is doubled and the result decreased by 35, the result is 25, what is the Number?
Ten consecutive integers are arranged in order from least to greatest, if the sum of the first five integers is 200, what is the sum of the last five integers?
If 18 is decreased by the sum of a number and 6, the result is 4 less than 3 times the number, Find the number.
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 236, what is the smaller integer?
The sum of two times one number and three times another is 29, the difference between twice the first and the second is 1, Solve algebraically to find the numbers.
If the larger of two numbers is subtracted from 6 times the smaller, the result is 20, if twice the larger number is added to 4 times the smaller, the result is 56, find the numbers.
The sum of twice a first number and five times a second number is 111, if the second number is subtracted from five times the first number the result is 21, Find the numbers.
The smaller of two consecutive integers is four more than half of the greater.
Find the ratio of 28 days to 4 weeks.
What is the reciprocal of 0.8?
What is the answer to 30 divided by 8 as a fraction?
The sum of the positive odd integers less than 50 is subtracted from the sum of the positive even integers less than or equal to 50, what is the resulting difference?
Find four consecutive odd integers so that the sum of the smallest integer and the largest integer is the same as the sum of all four integers.
Find the integers, Five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth are one less than three times the fourth integer.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 10 more than half the greater, Find the integers.
There are 3 consecutive integers, the sum of the first two integers is 16 more than the third, Find integers.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and second is 7 more than the third.
Find three consecutive odd numbers such that the sum of the last two bigger numbers is 85 more than the first.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the last two is 85 more than the first.
The sum of three consecutive even integers is -24, Find the LARGEST integer.
Find four consecutive odd integers, if the sum of the third and fourth is 68.
Find 3 consecutive integers where four times the smallest is seven more than 3 times the largest.
The sum of 4 consecutive integers is 58 and twice the smallest is ten more than the largest, find the four numbers.
The sum of four consecutive even integers equals seven times the greatest of the integers, Find the integers.
The sum of 4 consecutive even integer equals 7 times the greatest of the integers, Find the integers.
The smaller of two consecutive even integers is five more than one half of the greater.
The smaller of two consecutive even integer is five more than one half of the greater.
If the sum of 7 consecutive integers is 434, then the greatest of the 7 integers is?
The greater of two numbers is 9 more than the smaller, if the smaller is added to twice the greater the result is 22, find both numbers.
One number plus twice another number gives a sum of 42, the difference of these same two numbers equals C3, Find the two numbers.
The sum of 2 numbers is 25, 12 less than 4 times one of the numbers is 16 more than twice the other number, Find both numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 25, 12 less than four times one of the numbers is 16 more than twice the other number.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that 3 times their sum is 5 more than 8 times the middle one.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 40 more than the smallest, what are the integers?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first, twice the second, and three times the third is 94.
What would be the four consecutive odd integers if the sum is -80?
There are three consecutive integers, half the sum of the second and third number is 35, what are the integers?
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 57 less than five times the second integer, find the smaller integer.
The second of two numbers is 5 times the first, their sum is 42, Find the Numbers.
One number is 9 times another, their sum is 100, Find the numbers.
The first of two numbers is 3 times the second, their sum is 88, Find the numbers.
One number is three times another number, their sum is 84, Find both numbers.
One number is two times another number, the sum of the numbers is 90, what are the two numbers?
One number is twice as large as a second number, if the sum of the two numbers is 114, what are the two numbers?
Find two numbers whose sum is 32 and such that one is 3 times as large as the other.
One number is 0.9 of another number, their sum is 0.038, find each number.
Find two numbers whose sum is 48 and such that one is 3 times as large as the other.
Find two numbers whose sum is 33 and one of the numbers is two times as large as the other.
Find two numbers whose sum is 27 and such that one is 2 times as large as the other.
Three times the first of three consecutive odd integers is 3 more than twice the third, what is the third integer?
Find four consecutive integers such that four times the second diminished by twice the fourth is 10.
The sum of the first and last of four consecutive odd integers is 48, what are the four integers?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 85 less than four times the first, what is the first integer?
The sum of 3 consecutive odd integers is 85 less than 4 times the first, what is the first integer?
One number is four times another number, if the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number, the result is the same as, if the smaller number were increased by 20, what are the 2 numbers?
What are the numbers to be found in this word problem? :the greater number is 1 more than twice the smaller, Three times the greater exceeds 5 times the smaller by 10.
The sum of the least and greatest of three consecutive integers is equal to 35 plus the middle integer, what are the integers?
Four times the certain number, minus 5, is equal to 7 more than twice the number, what is the number?
The sum of four times a number and three is the same as the difference of twice the number and eleven, Find the number.
If 2 is subtracted from four times a number, the result is 3 more than six times the number, find the number.
Ten more than 6 times a number is 4 less than 4 times the number, Determine the number.
Three times a number, increased by 32, has the same value as four times the number, decreased by 15, Find the number.
There are four consecutive even integers, half the sum of the second and third is 35, what is the last integer?
Find the three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third is 42.
The sum of the largest and smallest of three consecutive even numbers is 68, what are the three numbers?
Find 3 consecutive odd integers so that the sum of the least integer and middle integer is 44.
The greatest of four consecutive even integers is 14 less than twice the smallest integer, what are the integers?
Find four consecutive even integers such that the sum of twice the first, five times the second, and four times the third divided by three times the fourth equals three.
The sum of three numbers is 49, The second number is five less than two times the first number, The third is six less than the first, Find the three numbers.
Four consecutive integers such that the sum of the first three integers equal to the fourth, what are the integers?
Find the four consecutive such that the sum of the first three integers is equal to the fourth.
The sum of three numbers is 134, the second number is 9 less than 3 times the first number, the third number is 5 more than 2 times the first number, Find the three numbers.
The sum of three numbers is 123,The second number is 9 less than two times the first number, The third number is 6 more than three times the first number, Find the three numbers.
The sum of three numbers is 137, the second number is 4 more than two times the first number, the third number is 5 less than three times the first number, Find the three numbers.
Find a number such that three times the sum of four and the number is 18.
Three times the sum of five and a number is 48, Find the number.
Five times the sum of a number and nine is thirty nine.
Add 3 to a number and double the result, if the total is 22 find the number.
The product of 8 and the sum of 4 and a number is 112, what is the number?
Three times the sum of a number and five gives a result of 21, Find the number.
Find 3 consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the second and three times the third is 5 less than six times the first.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the second and three times the third is five less than six times the first.
The sum of three integers is 52, the second integer is 3 more than the first, and the third integer is 1 more than twice the first, what are the integers?
The sum of 3 integers is 251, the sum of the 1st and 2nd integers exceeds the 3rd by 45, the 3rd integer is 42 less than the 1st, Find the 3 integers.
The sum of three integers is 69, the sum of the first and second integers exceeds the third by 93, the third integer is 10 less than the first, Find the three integers.
When 23 is added to 4 times a certain number the answer is 11, Find this number.
If 25 is added to three times of a number 52 is obtained, find the number.
Two more than the product of 5 and x is 12.
If 6 times a number is added to 8, the result is 56, what is the number?
The difference of 10 and the product of 6 and n is 21.
Three more than the product of a number and 4 is 15, Find the number.
Three less than twice what number is -7?
The sum of 3 times a number and 17 is 5, what is the number?
If you double a number and then add 32, the result is 80, what is the number?
Two less than the product of a number and -5 is -42, what is the number?
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and second is 9 more than half of the third.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 41 less than four times the largest, Find the numbers.
One is twice another number, when the larger number is diminished by 10, the result is two greater than the smaller, find the numbers.
The difference between two numbers is 10 and their sum is equal to 4 times the smaller number, what are the numbers?
Five times some number is 10 less than the number, what is the number?
Two more than twice the number is equal to the number itself, Find the number.
The sum of two numbers is 1457, four times the first number minus twice the second number is 8, Find the larger number.
The sum of two numbers is 3 and twice the larger number is 36 more than three times the smaller number, what is the larger number?
Find three consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the first and third is four more than three times the second.
For three consecutive integers, when four times the third is subtracted from five times the first, the result is -4, Find the integers.
Twice the first of three consecutive even integers minus the third equals 36, Find the three integers.
If the sum of six consecutive even integers is 450, what is the smallest of the six integers?
Three times the largest of three consecutive odd integers is three less than twice the sum of the other two integers, find the integers.
What are three consecutive odd integers so that five times the middle integer is nine more than twice the sum of the first and third integers?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that five times the sum of the first and second is 1 less than 9 times the third.
5 less than the product of 15 and 3.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the first integer is one less than the sum of the second and third integers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the smallest equals the sum of the other two integers decreased by 1.
The difference of 67 and an integer is 3 more than the product of 8 and 7, what is the integer?
The smallest of three consecutive even integers is 4 less than 5 times the largest, Find the integers.
Three consecutive even integers are such that the difference of the smallest integer and twice the largest integer is 10, Find the three integers.
Find three consecutive even integers such as that twice the sum of the first and second is 10 more than three times the third.
Find four consecutive integers if the sum of the first and second is 63.
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is -64, what is the sum of the smallest and largest of the four integers?
The larger of two consecutive odd integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller, Find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is eight more than three times the lesser.
Three times the smaller of two consecutive even integers is equal to -146 minus four times the larger of the two integers, what are the two even integers?
The sum of 3 consecutive even integers is fourteen less than twice the smallest of these integers, Find the smallest and greatest integer.
Three times the sum of two consecutive integers is three less than two times the larger integer, find the integers.
Find three consecutive even integers such that four times the first minus the third is six more than twice the second.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the first number and three times the third number is fourteen more than four times the second number.
Five consecutive integers whose sum is 195.
Find five consecutive whole numbers sum 90.
The sum of five consecutive integers is 0, find the integers.
Find three consecutive even integers, such that the sum of the second and third number is 20 more than the first.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the second and third integers is 30 more than the first integer.
For two consecutive even integers, the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 58.
Find two consecutive even integers such that the smaller added to three times the larger give a sum of 30.
Find two consecutive even integers such that the smaller added to five times the larger gives a sum of 46.
The sum of two numbers is 58 and their difference is 4, which is the greater of the two numbers?
The Sum of two consecutive even integers in 118, what is the 2nd number?
One number is 9 less than the other, the sum of the two numbers is 41, Find the smaller integer.
One number is 4 more than another, and their sum is 60, what is the smaller number?
Find three consecutive even integers whose sum is -624.
The sum of three numbers is 20, the second number is 4 times the first, and the sum of the first and third is 8.
3 times the sum of twice a number and 6 is 4 times 2 less than the number, find the number.
The difference of 3 times the larger consecutive integer and the smaller consecutive integer is 7.
If three times the smaller of two consecutive even integers is added to two times the larger, the result is 64, what is the smaller of the two integers?
Find three consecutive even integers such that four times the middle integer is equal to the sum of the first and third integers.
Find the larger of two consecutive integers if the larger is 149 less than twice the smaller.
Three integers have these characteristics: their sum is 12; the sum of the smallest and largest integers is 7; the middle integer is one third of the largest integer, what are the integers?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the second and third is equal to three times the first decreased by 14.
The sum of two numbers is 42, one number plus 2 times the other number is 57, what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 24 and the sum of the first number and twice the second is 34, Find the numbers.
Find four consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the second and third exceeds 3 times the first by 34.
Find 5 consecutive odd integers with the sum of -5.
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 56 find the first.
Find three consecutive odd numbers whose sum is 5 more than twice the next consecutive number.
The ones digit of a 2 digit number is 2 greater than the tens digit, if the original number is subtracted from its interchanged form the difference is 18, find the original number.
The sum of two consecutive integers is five less than the smaller integer, Find both integers
There are 4 consecutive integers, their sum is 100 decreased by twice the difference between the greatest and twice the least, determine the integers.
Find four consecutive integers such that if the sum of the first and third is increased by 10 the result is 6 greater than 4 times the fourth.
There are four consecutive integers, the sum of the first and fourth of these consecutive integers is 125, Find all four consecutive integers.
Find three consecutive integers such that three times the smallest integer, increased by the largest integer equals 106.
The second of three numbers is 4 times the first number, the third number is 5 less than the second, if the first number is doubled and decreased by the third number, and the result is the same as 23 more than the second number, what are the three numbers?
Three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first, twice the second and three times the third is 80, what are the integers?
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and twice the second is 98 minus three times the third.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 78, Find the numbers.
Find 3 consecutive integers whose sum is 804.
Find 3 consecutive integers whose sum is 78.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 468, find the numbers.
What is the three consecutive numbers if they add up to 66?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the second is 20 less than 3 times the third integer.
The sum of 3 numbers is 94, if the first number is 3/5 of the second number and the second number is 4/3 of the third, what are the three numbers?
Find three consecutive integers such that twice the least integer is 12 more than the greatest integer.
Find three consecutive integers, the largest integer added to twelve equals twice the smaller integer.
Find three consecutive numbers such that twice the smallest number is 23 more than the largest.
Find three consecutive numbers such that twice the smallest is 23 more than the largest.
Find four consecutive odd numbers whose sum is 432.
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 11 more than twice the greatest of the three integers.
Find three consecutive integers such that three times the middle integer is equal to the sum of five times the first and three times the third integer decreased by 13.
Find three consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the first and third is twelve more than twice the second.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that four times the sum of the first and second is 17 more than 7 times the third.
If four consecutive odd integers had a sum of 96, what would be the largest integer?
Find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 442.
What are four consecutive even integers whose sum is 188?
The sum of four consecutive even integers is 220, Find all four numbers.
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is -72, what is the larger integer?
Two consecutive odd integers have a sum of 48, what is the larger of the two integers?
The sum of the larger of two consecutive numbers and five times the smaller one is 187, what is the smallest of the integers?
What are four consecutive integers whose sum is 98?
Find 3 consecutive even integers such that three times the first equals the sum of the other two.
Find the 3 consecutive even integers such that 3 times the first equal the sum of the other 2.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of three times the first, and twice the third is twenty less than six times the second.
Find 3 consecutive even integers such that 4 times the sum of the first and the third is 8 less than six times the second.
Find three consecutive integers if the sum of the first two integers is 6 more than the third integer.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the least integer and the greatest integer is 12 more than the middle integer.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the second number added to twice the third number is seven times the first integer.
Seven times the smallest of four consecutive even integers is the same as two less than five times the largest of the integers, what are the four integers?
Find three consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the second and third is 4 less than 6 times the second.
Find four consecutive integers such that if the sum of the first and third is multiplied by 2, the result is 20 less than three times the fourth.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and second is equal to 23 less than the third.
Find three consecutive integers where the sum of the two smaller integers is 4 more than 3 times the largest.
Three consecutive even integers whose sum is 264, what is the second number?
What is the largest of the three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 57?
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 135, Find the largest odd number.
3 Rosenberg sisters' ages are consecutive odd integers, if the sum of their ages is 231, how old is oldest sister?
Find the largest of three consecutive odd integers whose sum is -3.
4 times an integer is 9 more than 3 times the next consecutive integer, what are the two integers?
The difference of two integers is 9, five times the smaller is 9 more than three times the larger, find the integers.
Find two consecutive even integers such that five times the smaller integer is ten more than three times the larger integer.
Find four consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fourth is 55 greater than the opposite of the third.
The least of 3 consecutive integers is divided by 10, the next is divided by 17, and the greatest is divided by 26, what are the numbers if the sum of the quotients is 10?
Find the 3 consecutive integers such that one half of their sum is 90.
Suppose you have three consecutive integers, the greatest of the three integers is twice as great as the sum of the first two, what are the integers?
What is the 3 consecutive even integers such that the largest is 3 times the smallest?
Find three consecutive even integers such that their sum decreased by the third integer is 82.
Consider four consecutive integers, what is the sum of the 2nd and fourth numbers if the first number is 13?
Find three consecutive even numbers whose sum is 234
Find three consecutive odd integers such that four times the smallest integer added to four times the largest integer equals 88.
Find five consecutive numbers that the sum of the first and the last is 84.
The sum of the first and third of three consecutive even integers is 176, what are the three even integers?
What are the three consecutive even integers so that the value three times the second integer is equal to six more than the sum of the first and third integers?
Find 5 consecutive integers whose sum of the first, third, and fifth is 99.
Find three consecutive odd numbers such that eight times the first plus the third is seven times the second.
The sum of two integers is -50, the greater integer is 9, what is the lesser integer?
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the smallest and twice the second is 20 more than the third.
Sum of 3 consecutive even numbers is 24, what is the middle number?
Find the largest of three consecutive even integers when six times the first integer is equal to five times the middle integer.
Find three consecutive even integer such that three times the first equals the sum of the other two.
Find four consecutive even integers such that four times the greatest is 36 more than the sum of the other three.
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers exceeds twice the largest by 22, find the sum of the 4 numbers.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the second and the third is half the first decreased by 15.
There are four consecutive integers, five less than the third integer is equal to the sum of the fourth and twice the first, what is the largest number?
The sum of the three smallest of four consecutive integers is 30 more than the largest integer, what are the four consecutive integers?
Find 4 consecutive integers such that twice the sum of the first and third is 11 greater than 3 times the second.
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 360, find the largest of the four odd integers.
The sum of 4 consecutive odd numbers is 336, what is the second number in this sequence?
Find two consecutive integers such that three times the first equals twice the second.
Find two consecutive even integers such that four times the first equals three times the second.
Three more than twice an odd integer is equal to the next odd integer plus 6, Find the integers.
What are the integers as the sum of four consecutive odd integers being three more than five times the least of the integers?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the third is 13 less than the first.
Find four consecutive negative integers whose sum is -54.
The sum of twice and thrice of a number is 75, find the number.
If six times an integer is added to four times the same integer, the results is 90, what is the integer?
Find 3 consecutive integers in which the sum of 1st and 3rd is 84 more than one half of the 2nd.
Find the larger of two consecutive integers whose sum is 4 less than three times the smaller integer.
Sum of four consecutive integers is 686, then what is the sum of four previous consecutive integers?
The sum of three consecutive integers is 7 less than twice the first, what are the integers?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of twice the smallest and three times the largest is 232.
Three integers have a sum of 50, the second integer is four times as large as the first integer and the third integer is 4 less than the second integer, what are the three integers?
When a number is divided by 4 and has 12 subtracted from it, the result is 1/6 of the number, what is the number?
Find the number such that its third is greater than its fifth by 16.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the least integer and the middle integer is 28 more than the greatest integer.
Find 4 consecutive odd integers whose sum is 216.
Find 4 consecutive odd integers whose sum equals 336.
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is -579.
There are 3 consecutive odd integers, Three times the largest is seven times the smallest, what are the integers?
There are three consecutive odd integers, Three times the largest is seven times the smallest, what are the integers?
Difference of an odd integer and three times the next consecutive odd integer is 24, Find the integers.
The difference between six times a number and 9 is equal to five times the sum of the number and 2, find the number.
If the sum of a number and seven is tripled, the result is two less than twice the number, find the number.
Robert thinks of a number, When he multiples his number by 5 and subtracts 16 from the result, he gets the same answer as to when he adds 10 to his number and multiples the result by 3, Find the number Robert is thinking of.
The sum of two times a number and eight is equal to three times the difference between the number and four, what’s the number?
Twice the sum of a number and sixteen is five less than three times the number, Find the number?
Find 4 consecutive even integers such that four less than twice the smallest is equal to three times the largest, increased by two.
Nine times the first of two consecutive odd integers equals seven times the second, Find the integers.
The sum of two numbers is 39, twice the first number and plus 3 times the second number is 101, what are the numbers?
A number is 7 less than another, if 4 times the smaller number plus twice the larger is 46, find the two numbers?
One number is 15 more than the other, the sum of twice the larger and 3 times the smaller is 182, find the numbers.
The first number is 5 less than the second number, Four times the first number plus five times the second number is 74, Find the numbers.
One number is 12 more than another number, the sum of twice the larger number and three times the smaller number is 64, Find the numbers.
a+b=10.6a+c=8.5b+c=8.1 how much are a, b, c worth?
The difference of two integers is 9, Five times the smaller is 7 more than three times the larger, Find the numbers.
Two numbers differ by 3, four times the lesser diminished by three times the greater is 7, Find the numbers.
One number is 9 more than the other number, the difference of seven times the smaller number and two times the larger is 157, what are the numbers?
One number is 4 less than another, the difference of twice the smaller and 5 times the larger number is -11, what are the numbers?
One number is 6 less than a second number, twice the second number is 48 more than 5 times the first, Find the two numbers.
The sum of 3 digits is 5, the first and last digits are the same, if the middle digit is exchanged with the first digit, the new number is 90 less than the original number, Find the original number.
The sum of 3 numbers is 34, the first number is 3 less than the second and the third is 4 more than the second.
One number is six more than another number, the sum of the larger number and twice the smaller number is 12, Find the numbers.
One number is 8 more than another number, if the sum of the smaller number and twice the larger number is 46, find the two numbers.
One number is 8 more than another, if the sum of the smaller number and twice the larger number is 46, fined the two numbers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the largest decreased by three times the second is 47 less than the smallest.
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 0.
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 144, Find the integers.
One number is 12 more than half another number, the two numbers total 60, find the numbers.
Four fifths of a number added to one half the number is equal to the sum of one tenth of the number and 1, what is the number?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the first plus twice the second plus four times the third equals 174.
When one half of the second of two consecutive integers is subtracted from the first of the two consecutive integers, the result is 2, what is the first number?
Twice the larger of two numbers is three more than five times the smaller and the sum of four times the larger and three times the smaller is 71, what are the numbers?
Find two numbers such that five times the larger plus three times the smaller is 47 and four times the larger minus twice the smaller is 20.
Twice the sum of two numbers is 1236, twice the difference of those same two numbers is 680, what are those two numbers?
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 600, what is the least of these three numbers?
The ratio of the number of coins mark has to the number of coins john has is 2:5, if john has 20 coins, how many coins does mark have?
If 240:3=x: 5 what's the value of x?
Given that 7: 2 = x: 8, find the value of x.
The sum of two digits is 8, if the digits of the number are reversed, the number formed is 36 more than the number, what is the number?
The second of three numbers is 1 less than the first, the third number is 5 less than the second, if the first number is twice as large as the third, find the three numbers.
The second of 3 numbers is 1 less than the first, the 3rd number is 5 less than the second, if the first number is twice as large as the 3rd, find the 3 numbers.
The second of three numbers is one less than the first, the third number is five less than the second, if the first number is twice the size of the third, find the three numbers.
Twice the sum of a number and 3 is the same as 1 subtracted from the number, Find the number.
If n=7, what is the value of 3n+4.
Find the two consecutive odd integers such that twice the smaller decreased by the larger equals 53.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that twice the lager is 17 more than the smaller.
If the smallest of the three consecutive integer is added to twice the largest, the result is seven less than four times the middle, Find the numbers.
If the larger of two numbers is divided by 6 and is subtracted from three times the smaller one, the result is 44, if the smaller number is increased by 4, the result is half the larger numbers, Find the numbers.
Eight times the sum of a number and -2 is the same as nine times the number, Find the number.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is the same as five times the greatest of these integers, what are the integers?
Evaluate 3x + 7 when x = -3.
The sum of two numbers is 6 less than twice the first number, their difference is 10 less than four times the second number, Find each of the numbers.
The sum of 2 numbers is 15 less than twice the first number, their difference is 5 less than twice the second number, find each of the numbers.
Eight less than half a number is seven more than two thirds of the number, find the number.
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 12, if the digits are reversed, the number is 15 more than twice the original number, what is the original number?
The larger of two numbers is 2 more than twice the smaller, Ten times the smaller number is 2 less than 4 times the larger number, Find the 2 numbers.
A man wanted to get into his work building, but he had forgotten his code, However, he did remember five clues, These are what those clues were: The fifth number plus the third number equals fourteen, The fourth number is one more than the second number, The first number is one less than twice the second number, The second number plus the third number equals ten, The sum of all five numbers is 30, What were the five numbers and in what order?
Find three consecutive even integers such that four times the second is eight less than the third.
20% of the number is 3, Find the number.
5 times a number equals 20 what is the number?
15 is 25% of what number?
36 is 60% of what number?
Twice the difference of a number and 3 is equal to three times the sum of the number and 5, what is the number?
Four times the difference of a number and one is equal to six times the sum of the number and three, Find the number.
Three times an even integer is two less than 4 times the next lower even integer, Find the integer?
If 6 is added to a number, the result exceeds two times the number by 1, what is the number?
16 more than a number is 20 more than twice the number.
When 4 is added to 5 times a number, the number increases by 50, Find the number.
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that the smallest is 10 more than the sum of the other two integers.
The sum of two numbers is twice their difference, the larger number is 6 more than twice the smaller, Find the numbers.
Given a six digit number whose last digit is 1, if you place 1 as the first digit the resulting number is 1/3 that of the original one, Determine the original number.
A sum of $1400 is to be divided between two people in the ratio 3:5, how much does each person receive?
There were 5 times as many boys as girls at the party, also, the number of boys was 100 less than 15 times the number of girls, how many boys and girls came to the party?
A two digit counting number has a value of 8 times the sum of its digits, If 6 times the units digit is 5 more than the tens digit, what is the number?
Find five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth number is one less than three times the fourth number.
The second of three numbers is 8 more than the first, and the third number is 3 less than 3 times the first, if the third number is 15 more than the second, find the three numbers.
When fifteen is subtracted from four times the sum of seven and twice some number, the result is 45.
Find four consecutive integers such that twice the first subtracted from the sum of the other three integers is sixteen.
Find four consecutive integers such that twice the first subtracted from the sum of the other three is 16.
Find four consecutive even integers such that the sum of twice the fourth integer and half the second integer is 68.
Find a number which is 24 greater than its opposite.
Find a number that is 96 greater than its opposite.
Find three consecutive integers such that 4 times the largest exceeds three times the second by 10.
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and twice the second is 17 more than twice the third.
Twice the larger number is 3 more than five times the smaller number, the sum of the 2 numbers is 4 times the larger number, what are the two numbers?
When 28 is added to 3 times a number y and the sum is divided by 2, the result is 2 times the number y, what is the value of y?
Find two consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 79.
One third of a number is -92, Find the number.
The smaller of two consecutive even integers is 2 more than twice the larger, Find the numbers.
Find four consecutive even integers such that four times the fourth decreased by one half the second is 9.
11 less than 4 times some number is the same as the quotient of the number and 3, Find the number
I have two secret numbers, each has two digits, the secret numbers have the same digits, only reversed, the difference between the two numbers is 54, and the sum of the digits in each number is 10, what are my two secret numbers?
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 12, the number formed by interchanging the digits is 54 more than the original number, Find the original number and its reversal.
The sum of two consecutive numbers is 9, if two times the 1st number less than 3 times the 2nd number is 7, what are the two numbers?
Twice the result of subtracting an unknown number from five is eight, find the number.
The difference between two numbers is 10, If the numbers are doubled, what is the difference between them?
One number is 17 more than another, if the greater number is increased by 3, the result is 5 times the smaller, what are the numbers?
The difference of two numbers is 67, the larger number is three less than six times the smaller number, Find the numbers.
The sum of three numbers is 44, the difference between the largest and the smallest is 14, and the largest is equal to the sum of the two smaller numbers, Find the numbers.
Five times the first of three consecutive even integers is four less than three times the third integer, Find the smallest even integer.
Find three consecutive integers such that 3 times the first integer plus the second integer minus 2 times the third integer is 9.
Four times the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is five more than three times the largest, what is the sum of these consecutive odd integers?
Three times the opposite of a number is 40 greater than 5 times number, what is the number?
Find a number that is 32 more than its opposite.
The sum of a number and three times that number is 720, what is the number?
The sum of a number and seven times the number is 112, what is the number?
If 4a+3b=27 and 3a+4b=29, then 7a+7b/2=?
If the difference between the smallest and the largest of five consecutive odd numbers is t, what is t-2?
Find five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth is one less than three times the fourth.
Find 5 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth is one less than three times the fourth.
What 5 consecutive odd numbers total 95?
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that 3 times the 2nd minus the 3rd is 31 more than the first.
I am a number that is greater than 81 but less than 95, the sum of my digits is 15, what number am I?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first, two times the second, and three times the third is 82.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 89 more than twice the largest integer, Find the integers.
Twice the sum of a number and -6 equals -6 times the sum of the number and 4, let n stand for the number, Solve for n.
What is the sum of the positive multiples of 13 that are less than 300?
A two digit number has its digits sum equal to 11, if you reverse the digits of this number, the new two digit number is 27 more than the original two digit number, Find the number.
The sum of two numbers is 8 less than the first number, their difference is 5 less than twice the second number, Find each of the numbers.
A two digit number is 7 times its unit digit, If 18 is added to the number, its digits are reversed, Find the number.
Twice the difference of 7 times a number and 4 yields the same result as the same number increased by 6, what is the number?
The value of a two digit number is twice as large as the sum of its digits, if the digits were reversed, the resulting number would be 9 less than 5 times the original number, Find the original number.
What number, when added to the number three or multiplied to the three, gives the same result?
What is the sum of the first 100 odd numbers?
What is the sum of the first 500 odd numbers?
If the average of 20 different positive numbers is 20 then what is the greatest possible number among these 20 numbers?
A+B+C+D=D+E+F+G=G+H+I=17 where each letter represent a distinct integer from 1 to 9, Find out what does letter D and G represent if letter A= 4.
If 9n^2 - 30n + c is a perfect square for all integers n, what is the value of c?
What is the least value of k if 3x^2 + 6x + k is never negative?
Find three consecutive integers such that -5 times the sum of the first and the third is 24 greater than 4 times the opposite of the second.
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is -33.
If .4% of a quantity is 2.4, find the total quantity.
What percentage of 306,000 equals 8,200?
4% of what number is 34?
30 is 75% of what number?
What percent of 54 is 135?
56 is 75% of what number?
If 18% of a number Z is 54 find the value of Z.
35% of what number is 70?
I have the number 640 and the number 80, I need to figure out what percentage 80 is of 640.
Find the sum of odd numbers from 1 to 99, inclusive?
If the expression x^2 - k*x - 12 is equal to zero when x=4, what is the value of k?
One fourth of one third is the same as one half of what fraction?
When the number n is multiplied by 4, the result is the same as when 4 is added to n, what is the value of 3n?
When the number w is multiplied by 4, the result is the same as when 4 is added to w, what is the value of 3w?
How many whole numbers less than 500 have seven as the sum of their digits?
x + 20 = y + 80, what is the value of x-y?
Sum of 2 numbers is 35.3 times the larger number is the same as 4 times the smaller number, find the larger number.
If 4 less than 3 times a certain number is 2 more than the number, what is the number?
When twice a number is decreased by 8, the result is the number increased by 7, find the number.
3 less than 5 times a number is 11 more than the number, Find the number.
If 5 times the smaller of two numbers is subtracted from twice the larger, the result is 16, if the larger is increased by 3 times the smaller, the result is 63, find the larger number.
Using the equations below, find the value of F if A= 5A+B=CC+D=EE+A=FB+D+F=30.
There are four consecutive odd integers, the sum of the first and the second numbers is 96, what are the integers?
Write three prime numbers that add up to 100.
If the product of -3 and the opposite of a number is decreased by 7, the result is 1 greater than the number, what is the number?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that twice the sum of the second and the third is 43 more than three times the first.
Suppose f is a function that satisfies 1/x f (-x) + f (1/x) = 2x for all x different from 0, what is the value of f (2)?
What is the difference between the sum of the first 2004 positive integers and the sum of the next 2004 positive?
The sum of 2/3 and four times a number is equal to 5/6 subtracted from five times the number, Find the number.
Find the difference between the product of 26/22 and 3.09 and the sum of 3,507.00, 2.08, 11.50 and 16,712.00.
What is 5/9 times 36?
What number is 5 sixths of 100?
5/6 of a number is 3/4, what is the number?
What is the value of x in the following equation, 3x - 4(x + 1) + 10 = 0?
A whole number between 100 and 1000 is to be formed so that one of the digits is 6, and all the digits are different, how many numbers are possible?
If 4x-2y= -10 and 3x-2y=10 what is the value for y?
If 2/3 of 3/4 of a number is 24, what is 1/4 of the same number?
The average of three consecutive multiples of 3 is a, the average of four consecutive multiples of 4 is a+27The average of the smallest and largest of these seven integers is 42, Determine the value of a.
The sum of three numbers is 4, the first, minus the second, plus 4 times the third, is -9, the third, plus 5 times the first, plus the second, is 24, what are the numbers?
Five times a number is equal to another number, their difference is 52, Find the smaller number.
How many permutations of digits in the number 12345 will make an even number?
Two angels are complementary, the sum of the measure of the first angle and half the second angle is 68 degrees, what is the measure of the smaller angle and what is the measure of the other angle?
How many 1/4 ounces are in 56 pounds?
What is the value for x in the following linear system of equations, x - y = 52x + y = 7?
16 over 24 minus 18 over 24?
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 7, the tens' digit is 3 more than the ones' digit, what is the number?
The quotient of -54 and 9, subtracted from 8 times a number, is -18, what’s the number?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that triple the middle integer is 5 more than twice the largest integer.
Tripling the greater of two consecutive even integers gives the same result as subtracting 10 from the lesser even integer, what are the integers?
The second of three numbers is 1 less than the first, the third number is 5 less than twice the second, if the third number exceeds the first number by 12, find the three numbers.
A two digit number is equal to four times the sum of its digits, if it is increased by 3, the resulting number is equal to three times the sum of its digits, Find the original number.
Twelve less than 2 times a number is equal to 15 minus 7 times the number.
The sum of the 32 terms in an arithmetic series is 5488 and the first term is 1, Find the last term in the series.
Find the reciprocal of (-1/2) (8/4) (12).
What is the sum of the consecutive integers from 15 to 55 (inclusive)?
If every number between 1 and 365 were added together, what would the total be?
Find the value of k so that the equation will have exactly one rational solution, 2x^2+8x+k=0.
The difference between two numbers is 2184, if the bigger number is 3 times the smaller number, find the sum of the two numbers.
I think of a number, double it, add three, multiply the answer by three and then add on twice the number I first thought of, if the final answer is 145 what was the number I first thought of?
Consider the sequence A, B, C, D, E, F, G, and H, The sum of any 3 consecutive terms is 14, If B=7 and F=4, what is D?
Find the sum of the terms in this arithmetic sequence: 1, 5,9,13...105.
Find the sum of 33 terms of an arithmetic progression whose middle term is 33.
Seven more than the product of a number and four is negative seventeen, find the number.
Find four consecutive odd integers such that 6 times the sum of the first and the third is 3 more than 5 times the opposite of the fourth.
What is the sum of all the four digit positive integers that can be written with the digits 1, 2, 3, and 4 if each digit must be used exactly once in each four digit positive integer?
How many 3 digit even numbers can be made using the digits 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, if no digit is repeated?
How many 3 digit numbers can you make using the digits 1, 2, 3, and 4 if the hundreds digit is prime and repetition of a digit is not permitted?
The sum of the first 100 positive whole numbers is 5050, what is the sum of the first 100 positive odd whole numbers?
Jabari is thinking of three numbers, the greatest number is twice as big as the least number, the middle number is three more than the least number, the sum of the three numbers is 75, Find the numbers.
Find the common difference of an AP whose 1st term is 100 and the sum of whose first six terms is 5 times the sum of the next 6 terms.
Find the sum of all integer multiples of 7 from 7 to 700.
If 2/3 is 1/2 of 4/5 of a certain number, then that number is what?
In an arithmetic sequence, the 7th term minus the 1st term equals 18, the sum of the 1st and 7th term is -2, Find the 6th term.
If the product of (2+3), (3+4), and (4+5) is equal to the sum of 40 and x then x=?
One number is seven more than twice another, If their sum is decreased by nine, the result is thirteen, Find the numbers.
A certain number has four digits, the sum of which is 10, If you exchange the first and the last digits, the new number will be 2997 larger, If you exchange the middle two digits of the original number, the new number will be 90 larger, This last enlarged number plus the original number equals 2558, What is the original number?
The sum of my two digits is 13, I am not divisible by 2, List all the possible numbers I could be.
What is the sum of the roots of the equation: 2x^2+6x-7=0?
What is the sum of the arithmetic sequence 152, 138, 124, if there are 24 terms
Find the number of positive integral divisors of 23625.
Rhonda added 140 to one third of a number for a result of 216, what is the number?
If y= 4(2x-9) +25, what is the value of y when x=25?
If the difference of a number and 5 is tripled, the result is 1/9, Find the number.
What percent of 50 is 6?
What percent of 80 is 50?
When 8 is subtracted from a certain number and the result is multiplied by 4, the answer is the same as when the number is added to 19, what’s the answer?
The sum of 3 consecutive EVEN integers is 174, what is the first integer?
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 72, what are the smallest of these numbers?
What is the sum of five consecutive odd integers if the middle integer is 71?
A number plus five, divided by two, added to the quotient of that same number minus one, divided also by two, has a sum of that number minus one, divided by three.
Find 2 numbers whose difference is 10 and 1/6 of whose sum is 11.
Take a number, multiply it by 8, subtract 8, divide by 12, and double the quotient, the result is 20, what is the number?
3 times the first of three consecutive numbers is 4 more than 2 times the second, Find the numbers.
If the average of 4 and x is equal to the average of 2, 8, and x, what is the value of x?
In a sequence of 5 integers the third integer is the sum of the previous two, the fourth integer is the sum of the previous three and the fifth integer is the sum of the previous four, if the sum of the five integers is 248, What's the third integer in the sequence?
What is 8% of 2,000?
What’s 8% of 5.00?
What two digit number is three times the sum of its digits?
Find three consecutive integers with a sum of 267.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 96, find them.
The sum of 3 consecutive numbers is 753, what are these numbers?
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 72, find the three numbers.
What are 4 consecutive integers such that the sum of the 2nd and the 4th is 17 less than thrice the 1st?
What is 6/7 of 9/13?
What is the value of y in the solution for the system of equations x + y = 10x + 2y = 4?
What percent of 36 is 59?
The mean of 6 numbers is 34, if five of the numbers are 13, 25,36,41,49, what is the 6th number?
Find the difference between the product of 21.33 and 2.04 and the sum of 1.115, 3.18, 22.0613, and 12.2384.
What is the number that is one half of one quarter of one tenth of 400?
Which number is the tenth part of a quarter of the fifth part of half 12,000?
The difference between two numbers is 16, Three times the larger number is seven times the smaller, what are the Numbers?
The difference of two numbers is tripled, the result is decreased by 1, if the lesser of the two numbers is 4, and the result is 8.3, Find the greater number x.
Half m increased by 7+1/2 is 14, Find m.
What is the average value of 86, 74, 79, 62, 74?
43 is 11 less than 5/8 times a number p, Find p.
What is the difference between 126+1/4 and 78+2/3?
The larger of two numbers is one more than twice the smaller, the sum of the numbers is 20 less than 3 times larger, Find the numbers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that twice the sum of the first and the second is equal to four times the sum of the second and the third.
The average of 3 numbers is 18, if the first number is increased by 5, the second is doubled and the third is tripled, the average becomes 34, if the first number is decreased by 5, the second number is tripled and the third number is doubled, the average becomes 48, which is the largest number?
What is the sum of 6 of 103 and 3 of 102.
The mean of six numbers is 5, a seventh number is added and the new mean is 6, Find the seventh number.
The sum of 3 numbers equal 64, the second number is 3 more than the first, the third number is 11 less than twice the first, Find the numbers.
The sum of 3 consecutive odd integers is 40 more than the smallest, Find the integers.
What is the value of x, here's the equation: 3/5(x+2) =12.
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is one third of the number, the units digit is 5 more than the tens digit, what is the number?
If 3/5 of the number is 40 lesser than the 40 % of the same number, what is the 35% of that number?
The sum of three numbers is 100, Find the numbers if the second number is 10 more than twice the first, and the third number is ten less than the sum of the first and the second.
The average (arithmetic mean) of t, u, v, w, and x is 120, if the average of t, u, v, and w is 80, what is the value of x.
If 30 is added to 1/3 of a number, the result is double the number, what is the number
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that 4 less than twice the second has the same value as three times the number that is one more than the third.
A certain number decreased by 4 is equal to 8 increased by the quotient of the same number and 5, what is the number?
The average of two numbers is 50, one of the numbers is four less than three times as many as the other number, what are these two numbers.
A number exceeds another number by 5, the sum of the numbers is 19, find the numbers.
One number exceeds another by -6, the sum of the numbers is 12, what are the numbers.
Two numbers have a sum of 39, their difference is 11, what are the two numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 2, if one number is subtracted from the other, the result is 8, Find the numbers.
Consider the sequence A, B, C, D, E, F, G, and H, The sum of any 3 consecutive terms is 14, If B=7 and F=4, what is D?
Find the sum of the terms in this arithmetic sequence: 1, 5,9,13...105.
Find the sum of 33 terms of an arithmetic progression whose middle term is 33.
Evaluate 5x - 2 when x = -1.
8 less than four times a number is equal to four more than thrice a number, Find the number.
If the expression x^2 - k*x + 4 is equal to zero when x=2, what is the value of k?
Find a number that is 9 more than its opposite.
The sum of two integers is -10, the greater integer is 2, what is the lesser integer?
If a & b are the roots of x^2+5x+6=0, find the values of a^3+b^3 and a^3*b^3.
What are 4 consecutive numbers when totalled equal 406?
Three more than twice the number is equal to the number itself, Find the number.
What two numbers have a sum of 25 and a difference of 15?
Twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is one less than the largest, Find the integers.
one number is 11 more than another number. Find the two numbers if three times the larger exceeds four times the smaller number by 4.
One number is 3 less than a second number. Twice the second number is 12 less than 5 times the first. Find the two numbers.
Find two numbers whose sum is 62 and whose difference is  6.
the sum of two numbers is 68. their difference is 16. what are the numbers?
the sum of two numbers is 97. the difference of the two numbers is 57. find the two numbers
the sum of two numbers is 18. their difference is 22. what are the numbers?
i have two numbers. the sum is 36 and the difference is 9. what are the two numbers?
The sum of 2 integers is 36. The difference of the same 2 numbers is 4. Find the integers.
The difference of two numbers is 9 and their sum is 37. what are the numbers?
One number is seven less than another number. The sum of the numbers is thirty-three. Find the numbers.
The difference between two numbers is 24. Find the numbers if their sum is 88.
A number is 12 less than another.  The sum of the numbers is 28.  find the Numbers.
The sum of two numbers is twenty-three, and the larger number is five more than the smaller number. Find these numbers.
If the first and third of three consecutive even integers are added, the result is 12 less than three times the second integer. find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is -273. What are the integers?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is -117. what are the three integer?
The sum of two numbers is 64. If twice the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number, the result is 16. Find the two numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 91.  The larger number is 1 more than 4 times the smaller number. Find the numbers.
One positive integer is 3 less than a second positive integer. The sum of the squares of the two integers is 65. Find both positive integers.
Three times the sum of three consecutive integers x, x + 1, and x + 2, is 72. What are the integers?
2 more than 6 times a number is 20 more than 3 times the number. Find the number.
Fifteen more than four times a number is 6 more than five times the number. what's the value of the number?
5 less than 6 times a whole number is 9 less than 8 times that number. Find the number.
The square of the sum of two consecutive integers is 529.  What are the integers?
a no. has two digits whose sum is 14. if 36 is added to the no., its digits are interchanged. find the no.
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 8. When the digits are reversed, the number is increased by 36. Find the number.
the sum of the digits of a two digit number is 15. if the digits are interchanged the result exceeds the original number by 9. find the number.
The sum of two numbers is 42. one number is 3 less than 4 times the other number. what are the numbers?
One number is 3 less than twice another number.  If the sum of the numbers is 330, find the two numbers.
One number is 16 more than another. If the smaller number is subtracted from 2/3 of the larger, the result is 1/4 of the sum of the two numbers. Find the numbers.
find two consecutive odd integers such that three times the smaller one exceeds two times the larger one by 7
The sum of two numbers is fourteen. The sum of the squares of the two numbers is one hundred thirty. Find the two numbers.
The sum of two integers is 10. Three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer. Find the integers.
The sum of two integers is twenty-nine. Eight times the smaller integer is eleven more than five times the larger integer. Find the integers.
The sum of two numbers is 125. Five times one number minus three times the other is 41. Find the numbers.
find two consecutive multiples of 7 whose sum is 84
the sum of two consecutive integers is 185. Find the 2 integers.
Sixty more than a number divided by three is equal to eighty-four more than the same number divided by fifteen. What is the number?
the sum of two consecutive odd integers is 40. find the numbers
Find two consecutive  whole numbers such that 5 times the smaller number added by 3 times the greater number makes 59
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 14 less than three times the smaller integer. Find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 144. find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive whole numbers is 24.  What are the integers?
Three consecutive integers have the sum of 153. What is the second integer?
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 480. Find the three integers
THE SUM OF  3 CONSECUTIVE ODD NUMBERS IS 249. FIND THE INTEGERS
find four consecutive odd integers whose sum is 8 using an equation
1/3 of a number is 5 less than half of the same number. what is the number?
The Product of two consecutive integers is 8 more than twice their sum. Find the integers.
twice a number is 60 more than five times the number. what is that number?
five times a number is ten more than three times the number. Find the number.
I think of a number multiply it by 8 then subtract 66. The result is twice the number that i was thinking.
eight times a number equals 24 more than two times the number. What is the number?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 279. what are the integers?
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of adds to 15
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 357. What are the three numbers?
the sum of the squares of two consecutive positive even integers is 340. find the integers
The sum of the squares of two consecutive positive odd integers is one hundred thirty. Find the two integers
sum of three consecutive even numbers is 186 what are the numbers
Find 3 consecutive even integers whose sum is 186
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of five times the first, six times the second and seven times the third is 148
find two consecutive even integers whose product equal 120
the product of two positive consecutive integers is 56 , find the numbers
find the value of y to make this an arithmetic sequencey+8, 4y+6, 3y
The product of a number and a second number that is 3 more than 5 times the first is 2. Identify the numbers.
find two consecutive even integers such that the sum of the larger and twice the smaller is 62
Find two consecutive even integers such that the sum of the larger and 3 times the smaller is 234
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and twice the second is 6 more than the third
find three positive consecutive odd integers such that the largest decreased by three times the second is 47 less than the smallest
The product of two consecutive integers is 8 less than 8 times their sum. Find the integers
the product of two consecutive integers is 71 more than their sum. Find the integers.
the product of two consecutive positive integers is 41 more than their sums. find the integers
THE PRODUCT OF TWO CONSECUTIVE INTEGERS  IS 71 MORE THAN THE SUM. FIND THE INTEGERS
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 5 less than twice the smallest integer. What's the smallest and largest integer?
When the first of two numbers is added to twice the second the result is 21, but when the second number is added to twice the first the result is 18. Find the two numbers.
The larger of two numbers is four times the smaller. If their difference is eighteen, find the numbers.
one number is three times another number and their sum is 164. find the number?
The sum of two numbers is 574. One number is six times the other. Find the larger number.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 47 less than the least of the integers. Find the integers.
Three times the smallest of three consecutive even integers is two more than twice the largest. Find the integers.
if the product of two consecutive odd integers is decreased by 3, the result is 12. find the integers
find four consecutive numbers such that the sum of the first three numbers is twelve more than the fourth number
The product of four greater than an certain negative integer and sixteen less than four times the integers is equal to 36. Determine the integer ?
The difference between two numbers is 8. Five times the larger number is 4 more than 8 time the other. Find the numbers ?
fIND tHREE CONSECUTIVE EVEN INTEGERS SUCH THAT THE SUM OF THE FIRST AND THIRD IS 90 MORE THAN THE SECOND
If the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69, what is the third of the three odd integers
find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the middle integer is one more than the sum of the first and the third
The sum of two consecutive odd integer is 29 more than the next odd integer.  Find the three integers in increasing order.
For two consecutive integers, the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 29. Find the smaller integer
Four times an integer is 30 less than five times the next consecutive integer. Find the integers.
The sum of two numbers is  -63. The first number minus the second is -41. Find the numbers
one number is 11 less than the other number. If their sum is -9, find the two numbers.
find two consecutive odd integers such that the square of the larger is 3 smaller than 12 times the smaller
The product of two consecutive integers is -4 more than the square of the smaller one. What's the larger number?
The sum of four consecutive integers is 50. What is the largest of these integers?
Eighty, decreased by three times a number, is the same as five times the number, increased by eight. Find the number.
find two consecutive odd integers such that 4 times the larger is 29 more than three times the smaller
Four times the smaller of two consecutive odd integers is the same as 73 less than 5 times the larger. Find the integers.
find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the first is 9 greater than six times the third
The sum of two positive integers is 1,287. If the larger number is 9 And 1/2 more than 2 And 1/2 times the smaller number, then what are the two numbers?
The tens' digit of a two-digit number is 3 more than the units' digit, the number is 8 more than 6 times the sum of the digits, Find the number?
find two consecutive whole numbers, where 3/4 of the first number  is 5 more than 1/2 the second number? Let n represent the first number, and n + 1 the second number?
The difference of the cubes of two consecutive positive integers is 217. What is the sum of the two integers?
The sum of a number and its square is 6. Find the number
the sum of an integer and its square is 72. what is the integer
The smallest integer in a set of three consecutive integers is x, and the largest   integer in this set is z. If the sum of the set is equal to 27, then what is the value of xz?
The product of the smaller two of three consecutive integers is equal to 23 plus the largest.  Find the integers.
The sum of the digits of two digits number is 9. If the units digit is 5 more than the ten's digit, What is the number?
four more than the opposite of n equals 6. what is n?
120=100(M/10),what is the value of M?
Six consecutive integers are given. The sum of the second, fourth and fifth is 41. The sum of the third and sixth is:
if the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 63 less than five times the second integer. Find the third integer.
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 57 less than five times the second integer. Find the third integer.
If the first and third of 3 consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 57 less than 5 times the second integer.  Find the 3rd integer.
The sum of two numbers is 87. Three times the smaller plus twice the larger is 216. Find the larger number.
There are 3 consecutive integers such that 3 times the sum of the first and third is 5 times the second. What is the third integer?
find three consecutive integers such that the product of the first and second is five less than five times the third
if one-half of one integer is subtracted from three-fifths of the next consecutive integer, the difference is 3. what are the two integers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 62. Find the larger number.
The product of two consecutive even integers is 360. Find the integers.
the two consecutive even integers whose product is 624
the product of two consecutive odd numbers is 143. find the numbers.
12 divided by 3+ 18 divided by 2
The number 2002 is equal to the sum of 7 consecutive natural numbers. What is the smallest of these 7 numbers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is equal to 30. What is the smaller integer?
Find two consecutive odd integers such that the smaller one is 12 more than one-third the larger
The sum of the squares of two consecutive odd integers is 34. Find the two integers.
The least integer of a set of consecutive integers is minus 25. If the sum of these integers is 26, how many integers are in this set?
the sum of 3 consecutives odd integers is 40 more than the smallest. What are the integers?
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 30 more than the largest.  What are the integers?
the sum of two numbers is 120. if the larger number is 4 times the smaller number, find the two numbers?
a number is twice another number. if their sum is 48 find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 42. One number is 2 times as large as the other. What are the numbers?
Three times the first of three consecutive odd integers is 3 more than twice the third. Find the third integer ?
Three consecutive integers are such that their sum has the same value as twice the second integer subtracted from 20.  What are the three integers?
The average of four consecutive even integers is 17. Find the integers.
the sum of an even integer and twice the next greater even integer is eight more than four times the greater integer. find the lesser integer.
Nine more than four times a number is the same as one less than twice the number. Find the number.
the product of two integers is 84. one integer is 8 more than the other. what are the two integers?
The product of two consecutive even integers x and y is 34 less than 17 times their sum. Find the two integers.
what is the sum of 7 consecutive even integers if the middle integer is n
which 2 consecutive integers have a sum of -105
The sum of two consecutive integers is -21. Find the two integers
the sum of two consecutive integers is -71. what are those integers
find the second of the three consecutive positive even integers such that the product of the first and second is 64 less than the square of the third
find 3 consecutive integers such that the product of all 3, decreased by the cube of the first, is 33
The sum of 3 numbers is 137.  The second number is 4 more than 2 times the first number.  The third is 5 less than three times the first number.  Find the 3 numbers
Twice the sum of a number and 8 is 40. Find the number
The sum of three integers is 61. The sum of the first and second exceeds the third by 71. The third integer is 36 less than the first. Find the three integers.
The product of two positive integers is 64. Determine the two integers if one number is 4 times the other.
Eight times the sum of three consecutive even integers is 108 more than 21 times the smallest of three integers
One number is twice another number. When the larger is diminished by 10, the result is 2 greater than the smaller. Find the numbers.
There are three consecutive odd integers, such that three times the first, minus two times the second, plus 13, equals negative three times the sum of the first and the third. What is the first integer?
The sum of two numbers is ten. Three times the larger number is three less than eight times the smaller number. What is the smaller number?
what is twice the first of three consecutive even integers is ten more than the third. find the integers.
Twice the smallest of three consecutive even integers is four more than the largest. Find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is eight more than three times the smaller. Find the two odd integers.
find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and -14
The sum of two numbers is 56. Their difference is 22. Find the larger number.
The difference of the squares of two positive consecutive even integers is 44. Find the integers.
Find three consecutive positive odd integers such that the product of the first and the third is 4 less than 7 Times the second
find the smallest of three consecutive positive integers such that the product of two smaller integers is 68 more than twice the largest integer
find four consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the 4 is 3 more than 3 times the fourth integer
find the larger of two consecutive integers if the second is 13 less than twice the smaller
the sum of four consecutive odd numbers is 128. Then the smallest number is?
when three times a number is added to the square of the number the result is 10. Find the number.
Find two consecutive integers such that half the smaller plus three times the larger is -32
find three consecutive numbers whose sum is nine greater than the largest number
3 consecutive even integers are given by x, x+2, and x+4.Find these three numbers such that the sum of the first, two times the second, and three times the third is 124.
find the three consecutive integers whose sum is 99
find 4 consecutive integers such that twice the sum of the two largest integers is 91 more than 3 times the first integer
The product of two consecutive even integers is 10 less than five times their sum. Find the two integers.
Find two numbers whose sum is 23 and the difference of whose squares is 207
Six times a number subtracted from the number squared is 40. Find the number.
Sixteen less than a square of a number is the same as 6 times the number. Find the number.
The product of three consecutive odd numbers is 6,783. What is the first number?
find two consecutive even integers such that the smaller added to four times the larger gives a sum of 38
The sum of two consecutive integers is 73. Find the smallest integer.
the sum of two consecutive numbers is 33. what is the smaller of these numbers
find three consecutive odd integers such that 10 times the first when added to the third is equal to the square of the second
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 153. Which is the LARGEST number?
find 2 consecutive even integers such that twice the smaller is 16 more than one-third the larger
The product of 2 consecutive even integers is five thousand, one hundred two more than nine times their sum. What are the two integers?
The sum of four consecutive even integers is -100. Find the absolute value of the smallest integer
one integer is two times the next integer. find both integers.
The sum of three consecutive integers is negative 72. Find the numbers
Find four consecutive integers such that the sum of the second and the fourth is 200
The sum of the three smallest of four consecutive odd integers is 30 more than the largest integer.  What are the four consecutive odd integers?
Four times the sum of the first and third of three consecutive odd integers is one less than seven times the middle integer.  Find the integers
What 4 consecutive integers have a sum of -34
what number increased by 30% equals 260.
When 5 times a number is added to twice the number, the result is 10. Find the number.
if the sum of a number and 7 is tripled, the result is 3 less than twice the number
The sum of two numbers is 40. The sum of twice the larger and 4 times the smaller is 108. Find the numbers.
One number is 5 more than another number. Three times the first plus twice the second is 30. Find the numbers.
The difference between two numbers is 18. Twice the smaller number plus three times the larger is 74. What are the numbers?
The difference between two numbers is 9. The sum of twice the larger number and three times the smaller number is 33. Find the two numbers.
One number is 4 less than another.  If 10 times the smaller number minus 3 times the larger number is 51, find the two numbers.
The difference of two numbers is 18. Twice the smaller number is 56 less than three time the larger. What are the numbers?
One number is 6 less than a second number. Twice the second number is 48 more than 5 times the first.find the 2 numbers?
The sum of the squares of three consecutive positive odd integers is 35. Find the integers.
one number is 6 more than another. If the sum of the smaller number and 3 times the larger number is 34, find the two numbers.
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and third is 63
The difference of two numbers is 12. The sum of 2 times the greater number and 6 more than the lesser number is 60. What are the two numbers.
Three consecutive integers are such that the square of the third is 76more than the square of the second.  Find the integers.
Twice the square of a positive integer is 12 more than 10 times that integer. What is the integer?
Three times a larger number added to 4 times a smaller number totals 24. When twice the smaller number is subtracted from twice the larger number, the result is 2. What are the two numbers?
the sum of the two digit number is 7, when you reversed the number it was increased by 27. what is the original number?
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 9. If the digits are reversed, the number is increased by 45. Find the original number.
Find a 2 digit number whose tens digit is 3 less than the units digit.  The original number is 5 more than 4 times the sum of the digits
If 4 is added to a number and the sum is doubled, the result is 18 less than the number. Find the number?
There is only one positive integer which is exactly twice the sum of its digits. What is the two-digit number?
Four times the difference of a number and six is equal to twice the number.  Find the number.
The sum of a two-digit number and its reverse is 121. The ones digit is seven more than the tens digit. what is the number?
The sum of three numbers is 5.  The sum of the first and second number is 3, and the first number is one more than three times the third number.  How many of the numbers are even numbers?
I THINK OF A NUMBER IF I MULTIPLY IT BY 6 THE ANSWER WILL BE 80. what IS the number?
Twice the difference of a number and 6 is equal to three times the sum of the number and 4.  Find the number.
The difference when 7 less than a number is subtracted from twice the number is 12. What is the number
if three is added to five times a number, the result is thirty-one more than the number. find the number..
A two digit number exceeds the sum of the squares of the digits by 19 and double the product of the digits by 44. Find the sum of the digits of the number.
When 3 times a certain number is added to twice its reciprocal the result is 5. What is the number
The sum of a number and 12 times its reciprocal is 7. Find all numbers that meet this condition.
a two digit number is 5 times the sum of its digits.  when 9 is added to the number the result is the original number with its digits reversed.  find the original number
A two-digit number is three less than seven times the sum of its digits. If the digits are reversed, the new number is 18 less than the original number. What is the original number?
find three consecutive integers such that 3 times the least is 4 more than twice the greatest
In a two-digit number, the ten's digit is 3 more than the one's digit. If the digits are reversed, the difference between the two numbers is 27. Find the number.
The second of three numbers is 8 more than the first and the third number is 3 less than 3 times the first. If the third number is 15 more than the second, find the three numbers.
It is an odd two-digit number, the sum of its digits is 8, the sum of the squares of its digits is 50. What is it?
Given three consecutive integers.  When half the second integer is subtracted from twice the first one the result is eleven less than the third one.  Find the three integers.
if 1/3 is added to the reciprocal of a number , the result is 3 more than 3 times the reciprocal of the original number. find the number
The difference of two numbers is 48.  The second is 8 less than 5 times the first. What are the two numbers.
a two-digit number is equal to 7 times the units digit. if 18 is added to the number, its digits are reversed. find the number.
The sum of the digits of a 2-digit number is 7. If 27 is added to the number, the result is expressed by the digits in reverse order. Find the number
A number is 72 less than its square. Find all such numbers.
three consecutive even integers are such that the sum of the smallest and 3 times the second is 38 more than twice the third. what are the integers?
If The Divisor Is 4 And The Quotient Is 8 , What Is The Dividend ?
two consecutive odd numbers total -20. Find the smaller.
The sum of half a number and its reciprocal is the same as 51 divided by the number. Find the number.
Three times the sum of twice a number and five is equal to five less than the number.  What is the number?
Two numbers differ by 3. The sum of the larger and one fourth the smaller is 13. What are the numbers??
The tens digit of a two-digit number is 1 less than five times the units digit.  The square of the units digit is 5 less than the tens digit. Find the number.
the tens digit of a two-digit number is 3 more than the units digit. the number is 8 more than six times the sum of the digits. What is the number?
If three times the smaller of two consecutive even integers is added to the larger, the result is 4 more than three times the larger. Find the two numbers.
I think of a number. I multiply the number by 5 and minus 60. I end up with the number i started with.What is my number?
Frida is thinking of number. She adds 15 to her number and finds that the result is 4 times her number. What is her number?
Six more than a number is 3 times the number. What is the number?
If a and b are the roots of x^2+8x-5=0, find the values of a^3+b^3 and a^3*b^3.
what is the sum of the first 100 even numbers
a three-digit number satisfies the following conditions: the digits are consecutive whole numbers; the sum of the digits is greater than 10 and less than 20; and the tens digit is an odd number. What is the number?
The quotient of a number and -7, decreased by 2, is 10. Find the number.
Nine less than the quotient of a number and 3 is 18. Find the number.
The sum of a number plus half of itself is 18.75. Find the number.
What number is 17% of 200.
the sum of the digits of a two digit number is 13. The number is 4 more than 5 times the unit digit. find the number.
a number when increased by 40% becomes 42. what is the number?
the sum of 6 times a number (N) and (4) is -30. what is the number?
The first and seventh terms in a sequence are 1 and 365 respectively. If each term after the first in the sequence is formed by multiplying the preceding term by 3 and subtracting 1, what is the sixth term?
Six times the reciprocal of a number equals 2 times the reciprocal of 4. find the number?
I am a number between 400 and 500. My ones digit is 3 more than my tens digit. The sum of my digits is 13. What number am I?
if 7 is added to a quarter of a certain number, the answer is 10. what is the number?
The sum of the digits of a 2-digit is 10. If the digits are reversed the new is 18 less than the original. What is the answer?
One half the sum of a number and 2 is equal to one third of the difference of three times the number and six.  What is the number?
A three digit number grows by 9 if we exchange the second and third digit and grows by 90 if we exchange the first and second digits. By how much would it grow if we exchange the first and third digits?
Find two numbers so that twice their sum equals their product and one number is 9 times the other number. Enter the smaller number first.
The sum of two consecutive integers is -313. Find the larger integer?
The first and second terms of a geometric sequence have a sum of 15, while the second and third terms have a sum of 60.  Use an algebraic method to find the first three terms.
If x + y = 4, and x + z = 9, what is the value of ( y - z)?
In an arithmetic progression, the 8th term is three times the 3rd term and the 10th term is 19. Find the common difference and the sum of the terms from the 3rd to the 9th term inclusive.
The sum of one half of a number, one third of that number, and one fourth of the same number is one tenth. What is the number?
If the numerator of a fraction is increased by 3, the fraction becomes 3/4. If the denominator is decreased by 7, the fraction becomes 1. Determine the original fraction.
The difference of the reciprocals of two consecutive integers is 1/72. Find the smaller of the two integers.
the square root of the sum of two consecutive integers is equal to 9. find the smaller integer
Finding the sum of series. 3+6+12+24+...+384?
When the reciprocal of 4 times a number is subtracted from 2, the result is twice the reciprocal of the number. Find the number.
The number A = 200420052006....2040 is formed by putting the consecutive integers from 2004 to 2040 together.What is the remainder when A is divided by 9?
The digits of a three digit number are consecutive integers.  When the digits are reversed the resulting number is 198 larger that the original number. If the original number is an integral multiple of 7, what is the original number?
The numerator of a fraction is 5 less than the denominator. If 1 is added to both the numerator and the denominator the fraction would become 2/3. Find the fraction.
The sum of the reciprocals of two consecutive odd integers is 8/15. Find the integers.
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers is 3 more than 5 times the least of the integers. Find the integers.
When the reciprocal of three times a number is subtracted from the reciprocal of the number, the result is one sixth. Find the number.
if x^64 = 64 then x ^32 = ?
The difference of two integers is 9. Five times the smaller is 7 more than three times the larger. Find the numbers.
Two numbers differ by 3. Four times the lesser diminished by three times the greater is 7. Find the numbers.
one number is 9 more than the other number.  The difference of seven times the smaller number and two times the larger is 157.  What are the numbers?
The difference between two numbers is -38. Two times the smaller number minus five times the larger number is -217. What are the numbers?
one number is 4 less than another. the difference  of twice the smaller and 5 times the larger number is -11. What are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 18 and their difference is 4. What are the two numbers?
Two numbers have a sum of 22. Their difference is 4. what are the two numbers?
Two numbers have a difference of 10 and the sum of 34.  What are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 38. Their difference is 12. What are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 39 and their difference is 7. What are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 20. Their difference is 4. Find the two numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 621, and their difference is 109. Find the two numbers
a number exceeds another number by 5. the sum of the numbers is 19. find the numbers
One number exceeds another by -6. The sum of the numbers is 12. What are the numbers?
Two numbers have a sum of 39. Their difference is 11. What are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 2. If one number is subtracted from the other, the result is 8. Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 70. One number is eight more than the other. What are the two numbers?
the sum of 2 numbers is 75. the larger number is 3 more than the smaller number. What're the numbers?
the sum of two integers is 42. their difference is 8 find the integers.
the sum of two numbers is 50. The difference between these numbers is 10 then find the numbers
the sum of two numbers is 64. the smaller number is 12 less than the larger number. What are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 55. The smaller is 5 less than the larger. What are the numbers
the sum of two numbers is 35. if the larger number is 7 greater than the smaller number, find the numbers
The sum of two integers is zero. The difference of the same two integers is 16. What are the two integers?
One number is 10 less than another number. If their sum is 60, what are the numbers?
One number is seven less than another. The sum of the numbers is 35. Find the numbers.
find two numbers whose sum is 53 and whose difference is 27. what is the larger number? what is the smaller number?
The sum of two consecutive integers is 145. Find the two integers.
the second of two numbers is 4 more than the first. The sum of the numbers is 56.If x represents the first number, and y represents the second number, what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 28.  Their difference is 4.  What are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 31.  Their difference is 9.  What are the two numbers?
1405 is the sum of 2 consecutive numbers. What are they?
the sum of two numbers is 90. their difference is 18. find the numbers?
Find two numbers whose sum is 64 and whose difference is 8 .
The sum of two numbers is 48, and their difference is 24. What are the numbers?
The difference between two number is 9. Find the numbers, if their sum is 46.
One number is three less than another. Their sum is eleven. Find the numbers.
The product of three consecutive integers is 22 less than the cube of the middle integer. Find the integers.
Find 3 consecutive even integers such that three times the second equals 4 more than the sum of the first and the third
find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the first and the third is 12 less than four times the second
Four times the sum of two consecutive integers is equal to 2 more than 14 times the larger integer. Find the integers.
find 3 consecutive odd integers whose sum is -81
The sum of two numbers is 6.5, and their product is 9.  Find the numbers.
find two numbers such that their sum is 6 and their product is 7.
the sum of two numbers is 25 and their product is 144. what are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 76.  The second is 8 more than 3 times the first.  What are the two numbers?
one number is 4 more than twice the second number. Their total is 25. Find the numbers
The sum of two numbers is 78. If four times the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number, the result is 13. What are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 13.  The larger number is 1 more than 3 times the smaller number.  What are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 32; the larger number is 12 greater than twice the smaller.  What are the 2 numbers?
One number is 3 more than twice a second number. Their sum is 27. Find the numbers.
One number is 5 more than twice another number. The sum of the numbers is 35. Find the numbers.
The two integers sum up to 36. If the larger of these integers is divided by the other, the quotient is 2 and the remainder is 3. Find the numbers
The sum of two numbers is 78.  The second is 8 more than 4 times the first.  What are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 94.  The second is 6 more than 3 times the first.  What are the two numbers?
one number is 2 more than three times a second number. the sum of the two numbers is 30. find the two numbers.
the sum of two numbers is 825.  Dividing the larger number by the smaller number yields 8 with a remainder of 15. What are the 2 numbers?
If 9 is added to twice a number and this sum is multiplied by 3, the result is the same as if the number is multiplied by 4 and 13 is added to the product. What is the number?
The difference between a number and fifteen is seven. Find the number.
A number subtracted from 17 gives the quotient of 48 and -8. Find the number.
Twenty-one is three times the difference between four times a number and five. Find the number.
Three times the larger of two numbers is equal to four times the smaller. The sum of the numbers is 21. Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 22.  Five times one number is equal to 6 times the second number.  Find the numbers.
Find three consecutive even integers such that if three is added to the second consecutive even integer, the square of the result is 49.
The difference of two positive numbers is 2 and the sum of their squares is 74. Find the numbers
Two numbers differ by 6. The sum of the squares of the numbers is 218. Find the numbers.
two numbers differ by 6. if the numbers are squared and then added, the result is 146. what are the two numbers?
Find two consecutive positive integers such that the sum of their squares is 85.
the sum of the squares of two positive integers is 272. The difference of the two integers is 12. Find the two integers
The sum of the squares of the two consecutive numbers is 145. What are those two numbers?
One positive number is 8 more than another. The sum of their squares is 104. find both numbers.
5 times the sum of three consecutive integers is 150. What are the integers?
Three times the sum of three consecutive integers is 72. What are the integers?
Three consecutive odd counting numbers have the property that the sum of the largest and twice the smallest is 91. What is the middle number?
The larger of two numbers is 8 more than four times the smaller. If the larger is increased by four times the smaller, the result is 40. Find the numbers.
If 3 is subtracted from four times a number, the result is 10 less than five times the number. Find the number.
Two consecutive integers are added together. The square of their sum is 361. What are the integers?
Two consecutive integers are added. The square of their sum is 361. What are the integers?
The Square of the sum of 2 consecutive integers is 49. Find the integers.
find the two consecutive even integers whose sum squared is 900
A number consists of two digits . THe digit at ten's place is 4 times the digit at unit's place. On changing the place of digits, the new number formed is 54 less than the original number. Find the number?
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and the square of the second is 19
Find 3 consecutive integers such that the square of the first, decreased by 5 times the second is 9.
One Number is 11 more than another. If the product of the two numbers is  -24, find the Numbers.
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is nine. If the original number is doubled, the result is eighteen less than twice the original number reversed. What is the original number?
The sum of two numbers is 82. The larger number is 17 less than twice the smaller number. What are the two numbers?
Two numbers have sum of 32. If the second is five less than four times the first, what are the two numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 16. Twice the smaller # is 2 more than the larger number.Find them.
The sum of two numbers is 112. The greater of the two is 32 less than 11 times the lesser number. Find the numbers?
The larger of two numbers is 5 less than twice the smaller number.  The sum of the two numbers is 28.  What are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 48. Three times the smaller number is the same as 32 more than the larger. Find the two numbers.
The larger of two numbers is 7 less than 4 times the smaller. Find the numbers given that their sum is 28.
The sum of two numbers is 100. Five times the smaller number is eight more than the larger. Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is fourteen.  The difference between two times the smaller and the larger is one.  Find the two numbers.
Grant is thinking of two numbers. He says that one of the numbers is six times the other number decreased by 2 and the sum of the numbers is 25. What are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 240. The larger number is 6 less than twice the smaller number. Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 12. When one number is subtracted from three times the other, the result is 5. Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 62. Two times the lesser number is 4 more than the greater number. What are the numbers?
twice the greater of two consecutive odd integers is 13 less than three times the lesser number
Twice the greater of two consecutive odd integers is 13 less than three times the lesser.  Find the integers.
Three times the greater of two consecutive odd integers is five less than four times the smaller. Find the two numbers.
Four times an integer is 9 more than three times the next consecutive odd integer. What are two odd integers?
The sum of two numbers is six. The sum of the squares of the two numbers is twenty-six. Find the two numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 18 and the sum of their squares is 164. Find the numbers.
Find two numbers that total 12 and whose squares total 90.
The sum of two numbers is 25 and the sum of their squares is 313. Find the numbers.
The sum of the two numbers is 12 and the sum of their squares is 74. What is the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is six. The sum of the squares of the two numbers is twenty. Find the two numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 17 and the sum of their squares is 145. Find the numbers.
Five times the first of 3 consecutive even integers is 4 less than the twice of the sum of 2nd and 3rd . find the three even numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 23.  Twice the larger number is 4 more than 4 times the smaller.  What are the numbers?
The sum of two integers is fifteen. Eight times the smaller is 1 less than three times the larger. Find the numbers.
The sum of two integers is twenty. Five times the smaller integer is two more than twice the larger integer. Find the two integers.
The sum of two numbers is 88. Three times the smaller equals twice the larger number, plus 29. Find the numbers.
The sum of two numbers is 18. Find the numbers, if three times the smaller is one less than twice the larger.
The sum of two integers is ten. Three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer. Find the integers
The sum of 2 numbers is 33. Three times one number is six less than four times the other. What are the two numbers?
the sum of two integers is ten, three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer. Find the integers.
The sum of two integers is twenty-one. Six times the smaller integer is twenty-seven more than three times the larger integer. Find the integers.
The sum of two integers is 10.  Three times the larger integer is three less than 8 times the smaller integer. Find the integers.
One number is two times another. Eight times the smaller is two more than twice the larger number. What are the two numbers?
The sum of two consecutive integers is 105. Find the integers.
The sum of two consecutive integers is 237. Find the two integers.
the left and right page numbers of an open book are two consecutive integers whose sum is 449. find the page numbers.
the sum of two consecutive integers is 19. what are the integers?
Find two consecutive whole numbers whose sum is 291
the sum of the numbers on two consecutive post office boxes is 547. what are the numbers?
the sum of 2 consecutive numbers is 95. what are the numbers
find two consecutive integers whose sum is 383
what are two consecutive numbers whose sum is 23
two consecutive integers whose sum is 23
Find two consecutive integers whose sum is 27
the sum of two consecutive integers is 138. find the integers.
find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 126
find two consecutive numbers whose sum is 71
Find two numbers a and b such that the sum, product, and quotient of the two numbers are all equal.
Find three consecutive odd numbers if the square of the smallest is four more than the sum of all three?
Forty-two more than a number divided by four is equal to fifty-two more than the same number divided by fourteen. What is the number?
the larger of two consecutive even integers is 2 more than twice the smaller. find the numbers.
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum equals to 84. list from least to greatest.
find 2 consecutive odd integers whose sum is 56
two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 164
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 56. Find the two odd integers.
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 28
Please find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 176
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 24. Find the integers.
if the sum of two consecutive odd integer is 76 find the number
the sum of two consecutive odd integers is 24.  find the two integers
For three consecutive integers, the sum of 3 times the first integer and 2 times the second integer is 5 less than 4 times the third integer. What are the three consecutive integers?
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of 8 times the first integer and 7 times the second integer is 127
If five times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger, the result is 59. Find the integers.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of five times the smaller and three times the larger is 67
Find two consecutive integers such that twice the first added to three times the second is equal to 83
find two consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the first integer and three times the second integer is 28
The sum of the squares of two consecutive integers is 41. What is the larger integer?
the greater of two consecutive even integers is six less than three times the lesser
Find two consecutive even integers such that twice the smaller is 10 more than the larger
The larger of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than 3 times the smaller. Find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is six less than twice the smaller. Find the two numbers
find two consecutive even integers that twice the smaller diminished by twenty is equal to the larger
the greater of two consecutive even integers is 58 less than three times the smaller. find the integers.
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than three times the less: Find the integers
An even integer is doubled. The result is 16 more than the next consecutive even integer. Find the two integers.
find three consecutive numbers whose sum is 126
The sum of three consecutive integers is 87. What are the integers?
find three consecutive numbers whose sum is 48
find three consecutive integers whose sum is 96
Find three of the consecutive integer whose sum is equal to six. List answers from least to greatest?
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 249
find three consecutive numbers whose sum is 90
the sum of three consecutive integers is 90 find the three numbers by letting x represent the first integer and find the three numbers by letting x represent the second integer
find three consecutive integers whose sum is 336
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 171
what are the three consecutive integers whose sum is 114.
the sum of three consecutive integers is thirty. What are the numbers?
the sum of three consecutive integers is 48. what is the set of three consecutive integers that fits this situation
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 111. What are the three numbers?
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 315
The sum of three consecutive integers is 42. Find the integers
The sum of which three consecutive integers is 42
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 216. Find the four integers.
Four consecutive odd integers have a sum of 120. What are the integers?
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers is 216. Find the four integers.
find four consecutive odd integers whose sum is 416
find four consecutive odd integers whose sum is 144
Find four consecutive odd integers whose sum is 360
find four consecutive integers whose sum is 62
what are 4 consecutive numbers when totaled equal 434
the sum of 4 consecutive integers of 114
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than three times the lesser.  Find the integers.
find two consecutive integers such that twice the first is 26 more than the second
Find two consecutive integers such that twice the smaller is 16 more than the larger
The sum of three consecutive integers is 33 more than the least of the integers.  Find the integers.
the sum of 3 consecutive integers is 33 more than the least of the integers. find the integers
find a number such that 6 more than  one-half the number is two-thirds the number
A number when multiplied by 7/18 instead of 7/8 and got the result770 less than the actual result , find the original number?
If one- third of a number is subtracted from three-fourths of that number, the difference is 15. What is the number?
One Third of a number is 5 less than half of the same number. What is the number?
two consecutive odd integers such that 55 more than 5 times their sum is equal to their product.
find 2 consecutive odd integers, such that their product is 11 more than 2 times their sum.
find three consecutive integers such that when twice the second is subtracted from three times the third, results in 74 ?
Five times a number subtracted from 3 times the number equals 20. Find the number.
twice a number is 220 less than six times a number
twice a number is 12 less than 6 times the opposite of the number. What is the number?
three times a number is 10 less than five times the number. find the number
3 times a number is 7 more than twice the number? What is the number?
four times a number is 36 greater than the product of the number and -2. What is the number?
six times a number equals 3 times the number , increased by 24. find the number
The sum of 3 consecutive odd numbers is 39. what are the numbers?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 123. Find the integers.
find three consecutive odd numbers whose sum is 111
find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 33
3 consecutive odd integers whose sum is one hundred eighty three
if the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 237 then what are the integers
find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 105
The sum of 3 consecutive odd numbers is 39.Find the numbers?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69. Find the integers.
the sum of what three consecutive odd numbers is 39?
What are the three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 521?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is equal to 39. Write the equation that describes this situation and determine the three integers.
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 171. what are the integers?
find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 273
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 123
the sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 273. what are the numbers
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 249. Find the numbers.
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 201.  Find the integers.
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 63. Find the numbers
find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 75
Consecutive even integers.  Find four consecutive even integers whose sum is 340.
Find four consecutive even integers whose sum is 340
The sum of four consecutive even numbers is 124. What are the numbers?
find four consecutive even integers with the sum of 68
Find two consecutive positive integers such that the sum of their square is 85.
The sum of the squares of two consecutive, positive integers is 85. Find the integers.
The sum of the  squares of two consecutive positive integers is 164. find the integers.
The sum of the squares of two consecutive positive odd integers is 130. Find the two integers
the sum of the squares of two consecutive even integers is 52. Find the integers.
Find two consecutive whole numbers such that the sum of their squares is 313.
the sum of the squares of two consecutive odd positive integers is 394. find the integers
Find three consecutive integers such that the product of the first integer and the second integer is 42.
For two consecutive integers the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 38. what are the integers.
When the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger the result is 199. Find the smaller integer.
The sum of the smaller of two consecutive integers and twice the larger integer is 47. What are the integers?
when the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger, the result is 43. Find the two integers.
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and twice the second is 203
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the smaller and twice the greater is 32
find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and four times the second is 119
For 2 consecutive integers, the result of adding the smaller integer and triple the larger integer is 79. What are the 2 integers?
When the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger, the result is 39. Find the integers.
find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the smallest and twice the second is 20 more than the third
find three consecutive even integers so that the sum of the smallest integer and twice the second integer is 20 more than the third
three consecutive even numbers add up to 234. find the three numbers
The sum of 3 consecutive even integers is 222. Find the numbers.
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 72. Find the three integers
find three consecutive even numbers whose sum is 114
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 228. Find the integers
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 30. Find the integers?
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 54. Find all three integers
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the twice the first, six times the second and three times the third is 133.
Find 2 consecutive even integers whose product is 48.
The product of two consecutive odd integers is 63. Find the integers.
The product of two consecutive odd integers is eight thousand, eight hundred thirty-five. What are the integers?
The product of two consecutive numbers is 210. Find the numbers.
The product of two consecutive odd integers is 575. what are the integers.
Find two consecutive even integers whose product is 80
The product of two consecutive positive even integers is 80.  Find the integers.
The product of two consecutive odd numbers is 143. What are the two numbers.
Find 2 consecutive positive odd integers whose product is 143.
find two consecutive odd integers whose product is 255
Find two consecutive negative integers such that the product is 42
Find 2 consecutive negative numbers that have a product of 90
product of two consecutive integers is 12. find the integers.
find the value of y in the following to make it an arithmetic sequencey+8, 4y+6, 3y
one number is 1 more than twice another number. the product of the two numbers is 21. What are the numbers?
the larger of two positive integers is five more than twice the smaller integer. The product of the integers is 52. What are the integers?
The larger of two positive integers is five more than twice the smaller integer. The product of the integers is 52. What are the two integers?
A number is 2 more than twice another. Their product is 60. What are the numbers?
find three consecutive odd integers such that if six times the first is subtracted from the sum of twice the second plus five times the third, the result is 53
what two consecutive odd integers have a sum of -56
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is -40. Find the integers.
find two consecutive even integers such that the larger, added to eight times the smaller, equals 110
Three times the greatest of 3 consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by 38.  Find the integers.
Three times the greatest of three consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by 38. What are the integers?
The product of two positive consecutive odd integers is 399. The sum of these two integers is?
The sum of an integer and its reciprocal is 82/9. Find the integer.
What fraction when added to its reciprocal is equal to 13/6?
If a number is added to its reciprocal the sum is 25/12. Find the number.
The difference between two numbers is 14 and half of their sum is 25. What are the numbers?
find 2 numbers with the mean of 14 and a difference of 4
the sum of two consecutive integers is two less than three times the smaller number. Find the integers.
the product of two consecutive even integers decreased by seven times the greater integer is 70.  find the two integers
The product of two consecutive integer is 80 more than 15 times the larger integer. find the two numbers.
The product of two consecutive integers is 5 more than three times the larger.  Find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive positive integers is 246.  Find the largest integer.
The sum of 3 consecutive integers is 54. What is the greatest of the three integers?
The sum of the squares of three consecutive ODD integers is 875. Find the integers
If the sum of squares of three consecutive integers is 194, find the integers.
two positive numbers are consecutive odd integers. the square of the smaller is 10 less than 5 times the larger. Find the integers.
2 positive numbers are consecutive odd integers. The square of the smaller is 10 less than 5 times the larger. Find the integers
The sum of the third and twice the first of three consecutive odd integers is 49. Find all three consecutive odd integers.
the sum of one half of the first even integer, one third of the third even integer and one fourth of the fifth even integer is equal to 12. What are the 5 consecutive even integers?
find three consecutive multiples of 5 such that the sum of the squares of the first two is 125 greater than the square of the third.
the product of two consecutive integers is 3 less than 3 times their sum. Find the integers.
The product of two consecutive odd integer is 1 less than 4 times their sum. Find the two integers
The product of two consecutive even integers is 106 less than 11 times their sum. Find the two integers
The product of two consecutive integers is 4 less than four times their sum. Find the integers.
The product of two consecutive odd integers is 1 less than four times their sum. Find the two integers.
The product of two consecutive positive odd integers is one less than three times their sum. Find the integers.
the product of two consecutive odd integers is one less than six times their sum. Find the integers.
The Product of two consecutive odd integers is 1 less than twice their sum.Find the integers.
The Product of two consecutive  positive integers is 1 more than their sum. Find the integers.
If the product of two consecutive even integers is 34 larger than their sum then what are the two integers?
The product of two consecutive positive even  integers is 14 more than their sum. Find the integers.
What are two consecutive odd integers whose product is 23 more than their sum.
The product of two consecutive positive integers is 55 more than their sum. Find the integers?
The product of two consecutive integers is 41 more than their sum. Find the integers
The product of two consecutive integers is 19 more than their sum. Find the numbers.
The product of two consecutive integers is 5 more than their sum. Find the integers
Product of two consecutive integers is 89 more than their sum. Find integers
The product of two positive consecutive integers is 41 more than their sum. Find the integers.
Find two consecutive odd integers whose product is 23 more than their sum.
the product of two consecutive positive integers is 19 more than their sum. what are the integers
if the product of two consecutive even integers is 34 large than their sum, then what are the integers?
One positive number is 5 times another number. The difference between the two numbers is 124, find the numbers.
The difference between two positive integers is 42. One integer is three times as great as the other. Find the integers.
one number equals three times another number. the difference between the numbers is 10. find the numbers.
One number is 8 times another; their difference is 28. What are the numbers
the difference between two integers is 38. one integer is three times as great as the other. Find the integers
One positive number is 5 times another number. The difference between the two numbers is 1524, find the numbers.
One number is twice another number. The larger number is also 32 more than the smaller number. Find the numbers.
One number is twice another number. The larger number is also 24 more than the smaller number. Find the numbers.
the smaller of two numbers is thrice the larger. the larger number is 8 more than the smaller one. find the numbers?
Twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is seven more than the largest. Find the integers.
Twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is three more than the largest. Find the integers.
twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is seven more than the largest. determine the integers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that twice the first is 7 more than the third
one number is 5 times another number. the sum of the two numbers is 270. what is the number
The sum of two numbers is 52.  The larger number is three times the smaller number.  Find the larger number
the larger of two numbers is 5 times the smaller number the sum of the numbers is 54 find the larger number
One integer is four times another. The sum of the integers is 65. What is the value of the lesser integer?
find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the smallest and the largest is 36
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and third is 84
find three consecutive integers such  that the sum of the first and third is 76
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and last is 44
The lesser of two consecutive even integers is 10 more than one-half the greater. Find the integers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the product of the first and second integer is 7 less than 10 times the third integer.
Three times the greatest of three consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by the 38. Write an equation and Find the integers.
Four times the smallest of three consecutive even integers is ten more than three times the largest integer. Find the integers?
three consecutive odd integers are such that the square of the third is 264 more than the square of the second. Find the three integers.
Given three consecutive odd numbers such that the square of the second number is 192 less than the square of the third. Find those numbers.
Five times the first of two consecutive odd integers is three times the second. Find the integers?
Seven times the first of two consecutive odd integers is equal to five times the second. Find each integer.
the sum of two consecutive even integers is -298. what are the integers?
the sum of two consecutive even integers is -78. find the two integers.
The larger of 2 integers is one more than three times the smaller. If the sum of the two integers is 37, find the larger integer.
The sum of two numbers is 70. The larger number is 4 more than twice the smaller number. What is the smaller number?
one integer is 3 more than twice another integer. If sum of the two integers is 36, what is the smaller integer?
the sum of two integers is fifty seven. Twice the smaller integer is six less than the larger integer.  Find the smaller integer
Find two consecutive positive integers such that the square of the first decreased by 25 equals three times  the second.
find two consecutive even integers so that three times the smaller is 40 more than two times the larger
the sum of two integers is greater than 12, one integer is ten less than twice the other. what are the least values of the integers?
Find two consecutive integers so that twice the square of the larger is 57 more than three times the smaller.
find three consecutive integers such that four times the sum of all three is two times the product of the larger two
find two consecutive integers such that 4 times the largest exceeds 3 times the smaller by 23
Find two consecutive integers such that four times the the larger exceeds three times the smaller by 23.
Four times the greater of two consecutive integers is 1 more than five times the lesser number.  Find the integers.
3 times an integer is 41 less than 5 times the next consecutive integer. Find the two consecutive integers.
of three consecutive even integers, the sum of the smallest two integers is equal to 6 less than the largest. find the integers
There are 3 consecutive odd integers whose sum is 303. What is the value of the 3rd odd integer?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69. what is the largest of the integers?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 27. What is the middle integer?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 417. what is the largest of the three consecutive integers?
3 consecutive odd numbers add up to 33. Which is the highest?
find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the second minus the third is 11 more than the first
there are three consecutive odd integers and sum of smaller is 49 less than 3 times largest integer find the three odd integer
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third integer is the sum of the second integer and 7
Find the three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and 31
The sum of an integer and three times the next consecutive integer is 47. What is the original integer.
four times the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is 236 more than the sum of the other two integers. Find the integers.
Find three consecutive even integers such that two times the sum of the first and the third integer is twenty-two less than the product of three and the second number
Find two consecutive odd integers such that twice the larger is 17 more than the smaller
The sum of two consecutive integers 111. Three times the larger integer less two times the smaller integer is 58. Find the value of the smaller integer
Find two consecutive odd integers such that the square of the first added to 3 times the second is 24.
Find two consecutive positive integers such that the square of the smaller increased by 4 times the larger is 64.
Find the largest of three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first two integers is five more than the third integer
3 times the first of three consecutive numbers is 4 more than 2 times the second. what are the three numbers?
Twice the lesser of two consecutive odd integers decreased by the greater integer is 53.  What are the integers?
Find 2 consecutive odd integers such that three times the first minus the second equals 24
Find two consecutive odd integers such that three times the first minus the second equals 24
If the lesser of two consecutive odd integers is doubled, the result is 7 more than the greater of the two integers. Find the two integers.
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is one less than twice the smaller.  Find the integers.
3 times an odd integer is 12 more than the next consecutive odd integer
the sum of two numbers is -3. if the second number is subtracted from the first, the difference is 27. find the numbers
Two integers have a difference of -11 and a sum of -3. What are the integers?
two integers have a sum of -9 and a difference of 5. What are the integers?
The sum of two numbers is -52. The first number minus the second is -30 . find the numbers
The sum of two numbers is -16.  The difference of the same numbers is 8. Find the numbers.
the product of two consecutive integers is 8 less than 10 times the smaller of the two integers. Find the integers.
The sum of the positive odd integers less than 100 is subtracted from the sum of the positive even integers less than or equal to 100. What is the resulting difference?
The sum of two numbers A and B is 3. The sum of their cubes is 36, What is the sum of their squares decreased by the product of the two numbers?
The sum of two integers is 120. One half the smaller number plus three-fourths the larger number is 80. What is the smaller number?
The sum of 5 consecutive integers is 1,000.  What is the value of the greatest of these integers?
The greatest of two consecutive integers is ten greater than twice the lesser. find the integers
the greater of two consecutive integers is 20 more than twice the smaller. find the integers
the greater of 2 consecutive integers is 15 more than twice the smaller
the larger of two consecutive integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller. find the integers.
the greater of two consecutive odd integers is 7 greater than twice the lesser. Find the integers.
the larger of the two consecutive integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller. Find the integers
Find 3 consecutive even numbers where the product of the smaller two numbers is 52 less than the square of the largest number.
find four consecutive even integers whose sum is -36
The product of two consecutive odd integers is 10 more than the square of the smaller integer. Find the integers.
The product of two consecutive integers is 9 more than the square of the smaller one. Find the integers.
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 45 less than five times the second integer. Find the third integer.
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers is 336. Find the largest integer.
The sum of four consecutive integers is 54. What is the LARGEST of these integers?
the sum of four consecutive integers is 250, what is the greatest of these integers
find 5 consecutive even integers such that the greatest minus twice the least is -96
If five is added to the sum of twice a number and three times the number, the result is 25. Find the number
Eleven more than five times a number is equal to the difference between 227 and four times the number. Find the number.
4 times a number and 5 times the same number added to 75 gives 156. Find the number?
The Sum of three consecutive integers is 234. The smallest integer among the three integers is?
what is the least of three consecutive integers whose sum is 18
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the smallest and 4 times the largest is 61
find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the smallest and 4 times the largest 61
FIND THREE CONSECUTIVE ODD INTEGERS SUCH THAT THE SUM OF THE SMALLEST AND 7 TIMES THE LARGEST IS 68
Product of three consecutive positive integers is 120 times their sum. Find the numbers.
find 2 consecutive odd integers such that 4 times the smaller is 29 less than 3 times the larger
Find two consecutive odd integers such that when twice the second is subtracted from four times the first, the result is -6
Find two consecutive odd integers such that 4 times the larger is 29 more than 3 times the smaller
find two consecutive odd integers such that five times the first integer is 25 less than twice the greater integer
Four times the lesser of two consecutive even integers is 12 less than twice the greater number. Find the integers.
find two consecutive even integers  such that twice the smaller is 26 less than three times the larger
Two times the least of three consecutive odd integers exceeds three times the greatest by 15. What are the integers?
Find four consecutive integers whose sum is 244
The sum of four consecutive integers is 122. What are the integers?
The total number of medals won by athletes in each of the countries A, B, C, and D are four consecutive integers whose sum is 50. Find the number of metals for each country
The sum of two consecutive integers is -287. Find the larger integer.
the sum of two consecutive integers is -277. what is the larger integer
the sum of two consecutive integers is -223.  Find the larger integer
find four consecutive even integers where the sum of the first three is twice the fourth
find four consecutive even integers so that the sum of the first three is to more than that twice the fourth
the sum of a number and 2/5 of itself is 56. what is the number?
When 60% of a number is added to the number, the result is 192. What is the number?
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 10 less than 4 times the least integer.
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is five less than twice the smallest of these integers
Find the 2-digit number whose tens digit is 3 less than the units digit and the original number is 6 more than 4 times the sum of the digits.
Find two consecutive even integers such that the square of the smaller is 10 more than the larger.
Find four consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the first and fourth is 124
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is -147
the sum of two numbers is 10 and the sum of their reciprocals is 5/12. find the numbers.
find three consecutive even integers so that the largest is 2 times more than the smallest
find two consecutive even integers if one-third of the smaller one is equal to one-fourth of the larger one
five consecutive odd integers whose sum is 85
if a number is added to its square, the result is 56. Find the number
The sum of an integer and its square is 30. Find the number?
find the sum of the first 100 odd numbers?
find 2 integers whose sum is -18 and whose product is 45
two negative integers have a sum of -13 and a product of 42. what are the integers?
The sum of five consecutive integers is 40. What is the smallest of the integers?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the product of the first and second exceeds the third by 8.
find three consecutive positive integers such that the product of the first and the third is 29 more than the second.
Find three consecutive positive even integers such that the product of the second and third integers is twenty more than ten times the first integer.
find three consecutive positive integers such that the product of the second and third integers is twenty more than ten times the first integer
I am thinking of four consecutive integers. The sum of the squares of the second and third numbers is 61. Find all four of the integers.
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the first and 4 times the second is equal to 20 more than twice the third
The tens digits of a two-digit number is 2 less than the units digit. The sum of the digits is 12. Identify what the number is.
The smallest of three consecutive integers is 18 less than the sum of the two larger integers. Find the integers
The square of the first of three consecutive odd integers is 9 more than 6 times the sum of the second and the first. Find the numbers.
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the second and the third is eighty-eight more than one-third the smallest
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the second and third is forty eight more than one-fifth the smallest.
Find two consecutive integers whose product is 6 less than the square of the larger number.
two consecutive odd integers, the sum of three times the smaller and the larger is fourteen
find two consecutive even integers such that 5 times the first integer is equal to 4 times the second
find two consecutive even integers such that three times the first equals twice the second
the sum of three consecutive odd number is 87.find the first number
The sum of 3 consecutive odd integers is 27. find the smallest of these integers.
the sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 75 what are the smallest of these numbers
The product of three-fourths and a number is six. find the number.
I have the number 640 and the number 80. I need to figure out what percentage 80 is of 640.
if you take a certain two-digit number and reverse its digits to get another two-digit number, then add these two numbers together, their sum is 132. what is the original number?
Three consecutive even integers are such that the square of the first plus the square of the third is 136. Find the three integers
what is the sum of 5 consecutive integers if the median number is 70
if the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 87 less than five times the second integer. find the third integer
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 81 less than five times the second integer. Find the third integers.
One number is 1 more than another doubled. If their difference is 10, find the numbers.
the difference between 2 numbers is 34. the larger number is 4 more than 3 times the smaller number. What're the numbers?
The difference between two numbers is 19. The first number is one more than twice the second number. Find the two numbers?
one number is 15 more than another. the sum of twice the larger number and 3 times the smaller number is 180. what's the smaller number ?
One positive integer is 5 less than 4 times another.  Their product is 21.  Find the integers
A fifth of the larger of two consecutive integer exceeds a seventh of the smaller by 3. Find the integers?
the sum of three numbers is 14. the sum of twice the first number, 5 times the second number, and 6 times the third number is 72. the difference between 5 times the first number and the second number is 6. find the three numbers
Find four consecutive even integers such that the sum of the squares of the first and the second is 12 more than the last.
Three times the sum of three consecutive integers is equal to the product of the two smallest integers. What are the integers?
If you begin with an even integer and count by two, you are counting consecutive even integers.  Write and solve an equation to find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 50.
the sum of two even integers is 194. what are they?
Two consecutive even integers that total 218
find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 46
two consecutive even integers have a sum of 74
the sum of two consecutive even numbers is 30. what are the numbers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 50. What are the integers?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 86. Find the larger number.
if three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger, the result is 130. find the smaller integer.
If three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger the result is 137. Find the smaller integer
three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger, the result is 67. find the smaller integer.
If three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger, the result is  137. Find the smaller integer
Find the smallest of three consecutive even integers so that four times the smallest increased by two times the largest is 32
The product of 2 consecutive positive even integers is 360.  Find the integers.
find two consecutive even integers whose product is 168.
find two consecutive even numbers whose product is 288
The product of two consecutive positive even integers is one hundred sixty-eight.  Find the two integers.
Find two consecutive even integers whose product is 624.
find two consecutive even positive numbers whose product is 168
The product of two consecutive even integers is sixty-three thousand. What are the numbers?
if the product of two consecutive positive even integers is 24. find the numbers
five times the sum of two consecutive odd integers is twelve times the larger of the two. find the two odd integers.
The product of two consecutive odd integers is 323. Find the numbers.
Find two consecutive odd numbers whose product is 195.
The product of two consecutive positive odd integers is 143. Find the pair of integers that satisfies this condition.
Find two consecutive odd integers whose product is 195.
The sum of the squares of two consecutive even integers is 100. Find the two integers.
the sum of the squares of two consecutive even integers is 52. what are the integers?
find the two consecutive positive even numbers the sum of whose squares 340
The sum of the squares of two consecutive negative even integers is 100. Find the integers?
The sum of two numbers is 110. The larger number is 2 less than 7 times the smaller. Find the larger number
The sum of 4 consecutive integers is 26. What is the product of the 4 numbers?
One-fifth of a number, subtracted from 20, is the same as one-fourth of 32.What is the number?
What is the value of x?here's the equation: 3/5(x+2)=12.
find two consecutive even numbers such that three times the square of the smaller one added to the square of the greater is equal to 84
If 6 is subtracted from the third of three consecutive odd integers and the result is multiplied by 2, the answer is 23 less than the sum of the first and twice the second of the integers. Find the integers.
there are three consecutive integers. The sum of twice the second and third is 61. Find the three integers.
Three consecutive integers are such that the square of the first is 29 less than the product of the other two
find three consecutive even integers such that the product of the second and third integers is twenty more than ten times the first integer
If the sum of the consecutive integers from -22 to x, inclusive, is 72, find the value of x?
twice a number decreased by 7, gives 45. find the number
If the product of a number and 4 is decreased by 10, the result is 50. Find the number
420 is subtracted from the product of a number and 12. This difference is equal to 960. What is the number?
four less than twice a number x is equal to ten
how do you write find a number such that seven less than twice the number is 43 as an equation??
if 5 is decreased by 3 times a number, the result is -4
If a number is doubled and the result decreased by 35, the result is 25. What is the Number?
The difference of the squares of two consecutive positive even integers is 20. What is the average of the two numbers?
The sum of two integers is 15 and their product is 54. What is the quotient, in simplest form, when the smaller integer is divided by the larger one?
find three consecutive integers such that the product of the two smaller integers is 2 more than 10 times the largest integer.
Ten consecutive integers are arranged in order from least to greatest. If the sum of the first five integers is 200, what is the sum of the last five integers ?
The sum of two integers is 10, and their product is 24.  Find the two integers.
the sum of two numbers is 25; their product is 144. Find the numbers
Find two numbers whose sum is 55 and whose product is 684.
the sum of two numbers is 8.5 and their product is 18. What are the numbers?
two positive real numbers have a sum of 7 and a product of 11. Find the numbers.
Three numbers are positive consecutive odd integers. If the larger two numbers have a product of 195, find all three integers.
What three consecutive odd numbers have a product of 12075?
If 18 is decreased by the sum of a number and 6, the result is 4 less than 3 times the number.  Find the number
M is a perfect square of an integer. The next larger perfect square is M + 461. What is M?
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 236. What is the smaller integer?
find two consecutive odd positive odd numbers which are such that the square of their sum exceeds the sum of their square by 126
The sum of two times one number and three times another is 29. The difference between twice the first and the second is 1. Solve algebraically to find the numbers.
if the larger of two numbers is subtracted from 6 times the smaller, the result is 20. if twice the larger number is added to 4 times the smaller, the result is 56. find the numbers
The sum of twice a first number and five times a second number is 111.  If the second number is subtracted from five times the first number the result is 21. Find the numbers
There are two consecutive even integers. The square of the larger one is three hundred eight more than the smaller one.
If the difference between the squares of two consecutive even integers is the same as four less than the product of the integers, what is one of the integers?
what is the reciprocal of 0.8.
the sum of the squares of two consecutive odd positive integers is 130. find the integers
The sum of the squares of two consecutive negative odd integers is 290. Find the integers.
The sum of the squares of two consecutive positive odd integers is equal to one hundred thirty. Find the two integers.
The sum of the positive odd integers less than 50 is subtracted from the sum of the positive even integers less than or equal to 50. What is the resulting difference?
Twice the square of an odd integer is 1 more than the square of the next consecutive odd integer.  What is the greater integer?
find four consecutive odd integers so that the sum of the smallest integer and the largest integer is the same as the sum of all four integers
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the squares of the second and third exceeds twice the square of the first by 41.
Find four consecutive odd integers such that the product of the second and third exceeds the square of the first by 98.
when the sum of 16 and 10 times a positive number is subtracted from the square of the number, 0 results
Find the integers. Five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth are one less than three times the fourth integer.
the greater of two consecutive even integers is 10 more than half the greater. Find the integers
there are 3 consecutive integers. the sum of the first two integers is 16 more than the third. Find integers
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and second is 7  more than the third.
find three consecutive odd numbers such that the sum of the last two bigger numbers is 85 more  than the first.
The sum of three consecutive even integers is -24.  Find the LARGEST integer
find four consecutive odd integers, if the sum of the third and fourth is 68
find 3 consecutive integers where four times the smallest is seven more than 3 times the largest
the sum of 4 consecutive integers is 58 and twice the smallest is ten more than the largest. find the four numbers.
The sum of four consecutive even integers equals seven times the greatest of the integers.  Find the integers.
The sum of 4 consecutive even integer equals 7 times the greatest of the integers. Find the integers.
if the sum of 7 consecutive integers is 434,then the greatest of the 7 integers is?
the greater of two numbers is 9 more than the smaller. if the smaller is added to twice the greater the result is 22. find both numbers
One number plus twice another number gives a sum of 42.  The difference of these same two numbers equals 12.Find the two numbers
Find two positive numbers so that twice their sum equals their product and one number is 8 times the other number.
The sum of 2 numbers is 25. 12 less than 4 times one of the numbers is 16 more than twice the other number. Find both numbers.
the sum of two numbers is 25. 12 less than four times one of the numbers is 16 more than twice the other number
find three consecutive odd integers such that 3 times their sum is 5 more than 8 times the middle one
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 40 more than the smallest.  What are the integers?
find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first, twice the second, and three times the third is 94
find four consecutive even numbers such that three-fourths of the sum of the second and fourth numbers equals the sum of the first and the third numbers.
What would be the four consecutive odd integers if the sum is -80.
there are three consecutive integers. half the sum of the second and third number is 35. what are the integers
if the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added, the result is 57 less than five times the second integer. find the smaller integer
The second of two numbers is 5 times the first. Their sum is 42. Find the Numbers.
One number is 9 times another. Their sum is 100. Find the numbers.
the first of two numbers is 3 times the second. Their sum is 88. Find the numbers.
One number is three times another number. Their sum is 84. Find both numbers.
One number is two times another number. The sum of the numbers is 90. What are the two numbers
One number is twice as large as a second number.  If the sum of the two numbers is 114, what are the two numbers?
Find two numbers whose sum is 32 and such that one is 3 times as large as the other?
one number is 0.9 of another number. their sum is 0.038. find each number.
Find two numbers whose sum is 48 and such that one is 3 times as large as the other?
Find two numbers whose sum is 33 and one of the numbers is two times as large as the other?
Three times the first of three consecutive odd integers is 3 more than twice the third. What is the third integer?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 85 less than four times the first. What is the first integer
the sum of 3 consecutive odd integers is 85 less than 4 times the first.  what is the first integer?
one number is four times another number. if the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number, the result is the same as, if the smaller number were increased by 20. what are the 2 numbers?
what are the numbers to be found in this word problem? :the greater number is 1 more than twice the smaller. Three times the greater exceeds 5 times the smaller by 10
one number is twenty-eight more than three times another number. If each number were multiplied by four, their difference would be 232. what are the numbers?
two-thirds of a number is decreased by 3 is 2 more than half the number. Find the number.
four times the certain number, minus 5, is equal to 7 more than twice the number. What is the number?
the sum of four times a number and three is the same as the difference of twice the number and eleven. Find the number.
if 2 is subtracted from four times a number, the result is 3 more than six times the number.  find the number
ten more than 6 times a number is 4 less than 4 times the number. Determine the number.
Three times a number, increased by 32, has the same value as four times the number, decreased by 15. Find the number.
5 less than triple a number is nine more than twice a number. Find the number?
Find three consecutive integers such that the square of the sum of the smaller two is 105 more than the square of the largest.
The difference between two positive integers is 4. If the smaller is added to the square root of the larger, the sum is 86. find the integers.
The product of two decimal numbers is 8.12. The difference of the two numbers is 0.1. What are the two numbers?
Find two positive integers whose difference is 4 and whose product is 96
The product of two consecutive integers x and y is 156. Find the two integers.
The larger of two positive numbers is nine more than the smaller.  Their product is 70. What are the two positive integers.
One integer is 5 more than another. Their product is 84. Find the integers.
one integer is 9 more than another. their product is 136. Find the integers
There are four consecutive even integers.  Half the sum of the second and third is 35. What is the last integer?
find the three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third is 42
The sum of the largest and smallest of three consecutive even numbers is 68. What are the three numbers?
find 3 consecutive odd integers so that the sum of the least integer and middle integer is 44
The difference between two numbers is 14. The sum of the two numbers is 56. What are the two numbers and their product?
the greatest of four consecutive even integers is 14 less than twice the smallest integer. what are the integers?
find four consecutive even integers such that the sum of twice the first, five times the second, and four times the third divided by three times the fourth equals three
The sum of three numbers is 49. The second number is five less than two times The first number. The third is six less than the first. Find the three numbers
four consecutive integers such that the sum of the first three integers equal to the fourth. what are the integers?
find the four consecutive such that the sum of the first three integers is equal to the fourth
The sum of three numbers is 134. The second number is 9 less than 3 times the first number. The third number is 5 more than 2 times the first number. Find the three numbers
The sum of three numbers is 123. The second number is 9 less than two times the first number. The third number is 6 more than three times the first number. Find the three numbers.
The sum of three numbers is 137. The second number is 4 more than two times the first number. The third number is 5 less than three times the first number. Find the three numbers.
Find four consecutive integers such that the square of the 3rd number is 154 more than the product of the first two numbers
Of four consecutive odd numbers the product of the second and the fourth exceeds the product of the first and the third by 136. Find the numbers.
Find a number such that three times the sum of four and the number is 18
Three times the sum of five and a number is 48. Find the number.
five times the sum of a number and nine is thirty nine
add 3 to a number then double the result. if the total is 22 find the number
The product of 8 and the sum of 4 and a number is 112. What is the number?
Three times the sum of a number and five gives a result of 21. Find the number?
How many times larger is the 5 in the number 5263 than the 5 in the number 456
Five times the sum of a number and eight is twenty-five. Find the number.
find 3 consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the second and three times the third is 5 less than six times the first
The sum of three integers is 52. The second integer is 3 more than the first. The third integer is 1 more than twice the first. What are the integers?
The sum of 3 integers is 251.  The sum of the 1st and 2nd integers exceeds the 3rd by 45.  The 3rd integer is 42 less than the 1st.  Find the 3 integers
The sum of three integers is 69. The sum of the first and second integers exceeds the third by 93. The third integer is 10 less than the first. Find the three integers.
Two numbers are reciprocals of each other. One number is 9 times as large as the other. Find the two numbers
when 23 is added to 4 times a certain number the answer is 11. Find this number
if 25 is added to three times of a number 52 is obtained. find the number.
two more than the product of 5 and x is 12
if 6 times a number is added to 8, the result is 56. What is the number
three more than the product of a number and 4 is 15. Find the number.
the sum of 3 times a number and 17 is 5. what is the number?
If you double a number and then add 32,the result is 80. What is the number?
Two less than the product of a number and -5 is -42? What is the number?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 41 less than four times the largest. Find the numbers.
one is twice another number. When the larger number is diminished by 10, the result is two greater than the smaller. Find the numbers.
The difference between two numbers is 10 and their sum is equal to 4 times the smaller number. What are the numbers ?.
Find four consecutive integers such that the sum of the second and the fourth is fifty-seven less than thrice the first.
Five times some number is 10 less than the number.  What is the number?
Two more than twice a number is equal to the number itself. Find the number.
The sum of two numbers is 1457. Four times the first number minus twice the second number is 8. Find the larger number.
The sum of two numbers is 3 and twice the larger number is 36 more than three times the smaller number.What is the larger number?
For three consecutive integers, when four times the third is subtracted from five times the first, the result is -4. Find the integers
twice the first of three consecutive even integers minus the third equals 36. Find the three integers.
three times the largest of three consecutive odd integers is three less than twice the sum of the other two integers. find the integers.
find three consecutive odd integers such that five times the sum of the first and second is 1 less than 9 times the third
5 less than the product of 15 and 3
Find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the first integer is one less than the sum of the second and third integers
find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the smallest equals the sum of the other two integers decreased by 1?
the difference of 67 and an integer is 3 more than the product of 8 and 7. what is the integer?
The smallest of three consecutive even integers is 4 less than 5 times the largest.   Find the integers.
Three consecutive even integers are such that the difference of the smallest integer and twice the largest integer is 10. Find the three integers.
find four consecutive integers if the sum of the first and second is 63
the sum of four consecutive odd integers is -64. what is the sum of the smallest and largest of the four integers?
the larger of two consecutive odd integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller. Find the integers
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is eight more than three times the lesser
Three times the smaller of two consecutive even integers is equal to -146 minus four times the larger of the two integers. What are the two even integers?
the sum of 3 consecutive even integers is fourteen less than twice the smallest of these integers. Find the smallest and greatest integer
One positive integer is 3 less than twice another. Find these two integers if the difference of their squares is 24.
three times the sum of two consecutive integers is three less than two times the larger integer. find the integers
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the first number and three times the third number is fourteen more than four times the second number
five consecutive integers whose sum is 195
find five consecutive whole numbers sum 90
the sum of five consecutive integers is 0. find the integers?
for two consecutive even integers, the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 58
The sum of two numbers is 58 and their difference is 4. Which is the greater of the two numbers?
The Sum of two consecutive even integers in 118. What is the 2nd number?
One number is 9 less than the other. The sum of the two numbers is 41. Find the smaller integer.
One number is 4 more than another, and their sum is 60. What is the smaller number?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is equal to the sum of two times the largest integer and seventy-seven. Find the numbers.
Find three consecutive odd numbers whose sum is 5 more than twice the next     consecutive number.
Eighteen more than the square of an integer is 43. What is the integer?
the sum of three numbers is 20. the second number is 4 times the first, and the sum of the first and third is 8
The squares of two consecutive integers differ by 95. What are These integers ?
There are two numbers. the second number is 3 more than the first. the product of the two numbers is 9 more than their sum. What are the two numbers?
There are two numbers with the following properties.1. the second number is 3 more than the first number.2. The product of the two numbers is 9 more than their sum.Determine the two numbers.
find three consecutive odd integers such that the product of the second and third is 55 less than 30 times the first
Find four consecutive positive integers such that the product of the first and the fourth is four less than twice the first multiplied by the fourth
3 times the sum of twice a number and 6 is 4 times 2 less than the number.  find the number.
Two consecutive odd integers have a product of 99. Find all sets of integers that satisfy this description.
The product of two consecutive odd integers is 63.  Find the numbers.
the difference of 3 times the larger consecutive integer and the smaller consecutive integer is 7
The product of two consecutive positive odd integers is 38 less than the square of the greater integer. Find the integers.
Two negative integers have a sum of -12 and a product of 11. What are the integers?
what are 2 consecutive even integers whose product plus two is 290
if three times the smaller of two consecutive even integers is added to two times the larger, the result is 64. what is the smaller of the two integers?
Find three consecutive even integers such that four times the middle integer is equal to the sum of the first and third integers
What is the greater of two consecutive even integers that is four less than three times the smaller integer?
Three integers have these characteristics: their sum is 12; the sum of the smallest and largest integers is 7; the middle integer is one third of the largest integer. What are the integers?
The sum of two numbers is 42.  One number plus 2 times the other number is 57.  What are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 24 and the sum of the first number and twice the second is 34. Find the numbers.
Find four consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the second and third exceeds 3 times the first by 34
the sum of the squares of 3 consecutive positive numbers is 365. find the smallest of the 3
Determine three consecutive odd integers such that the product of the first two integers is equal to the sum of all three integers?
Find 5 consecutive odd integers with the sum of -5
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 33. what is the product of the least and the greatest integer.
the sum of four consecutive odd integers is 56 find the first
the ones digit of a 2 digit number is 2 greater than the tens digit, if the original number is subtracted from its interchanged form the difference is 18,find the original number
The sum of two consecutive integers is five less than the smaller integer. Find both integers
If the product of 2 consecutive positive odd integers is 15 more than 3 times their sum, then the larger integer is?
The sum of the square of a positive number and the square of 4 more than the number is 58. what is the number?
find three consecutive odd positive integers such that 5 times the sum of all three is 42 more than the product of the first and  second integer
The square of an integer plus two times the integer is 35. Find all possible solutions.
if the square of a positive integer is added to 6 times the integer, the result is 135. find the integer
When the square of an integer is added to ten times the integer, the sum is zero.  What is the integer?
There are 4 consecutive integers.  Their sum is 100 decreased by twice the difference between the greatest and twice the least. Determine the integers.
find four consecutive integers such that if the sum of the first and third is increased by 10 the result is 6 greater than 4 times the fourth
There are four consecutive integers.  The sum of the first and fourth of these consecutive integers is 125.  Find all four consecutive integers.
Three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first, twice the second and three times the third is 80. What are the integers?
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and twice the second is 98 minus three times the third
The sum of three consecutive integers is 78. Find the numbers.
Find 3 consecutive integers whose sum is 804
find 3 consecutive integers whose sum is 78
The sum of three consecutive integers is one hundred thirty-two. Find the integers.
The sum of three consecutive integers is 468. find the numbers.
What is the three consecutive numbers if they add up to 66
find three consecutive odd integers such that the second is 20 less than 3 times the third integer
The sum of 3 numbers is 94, if the first number is 3/5 of the second number and the second number is 4/3 of the third. What are the three numbers?
find three consecutive integers. The largest integer added to twelve equals twice the smaller integer
Find three consecutive numbers such that twice the smallest is 23 more than the largest
find four consecutive odd numbers whose sum is 432
If 5 times a integer is subtracted from twice the square of the integer, the result is 63. Find the integer
Three times the square of a positive number decreased by 20 times the number is 63. Find the number.
find three consecutive integers such that three times the middle integer is equal to the sum of five times the first and three times the third integer decreased by 13
Find three consecutive odd integers such that four times the sum of the first and second is 17 more than 7 times the third
find three consecutive positive odd integers such that the product of the second and third integers is 18 more than 9 times the first integer
Find three consecutive positive even integers such that the sum of the squares of the first and second integers is equal to the square of the third integer plus 20.
Twelve more than one-half the square of a number is 30. What is the number?
what are four consecutive even integers whose sum is 188
The sum of four consecutive even integers is 220. Find all four numbers.
there are 3 consecutive positive odd integers. the difference between the squares of the largest and smallest is 9 less than the square of the middle integer. what are the three numbers?
The product of which two consecutive even integers is 12  less than 6  times their sum?
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is -72 . What is the larger integer?
Two consecutive odd integers have a sum of 48. What is the largest of the two integers?
How do i solve two consecutive odd integers such that their product is 15 more than three times their sum?
The sum of the larger of two consecutive numbers and five times the smaller one is 187. What is the smallest of the integers?
An odd number when added to its squares equals to 182. find the odd number
Divide 41 into two positive parts such that difference of their squares is 369.
Find two integers whose sum is 12 and whose squares differ by 24.
The sum of two positive integers is 25.The difference of their squares is 275.What are the two integers?
find the number such that its square is 21 more than four times the original number
Nine times a certain integer is 18 less than the square of the integer. Find the integer.
four times an integer plus 5 is equal to the square of the integer. what is the integer?
find three consecutive positive even integers such that the product of the second and third integers is 15
What are four consecutive integers whose sum is 98
find 3 consecutive even integers such that three times the first equals the sum of  the other two
If the product of 3 consecutive odd integers is 15 what is the smallest of the 3 integers?
find 3 consecutive even integers such that 4 times the sum of the first and the third is 8 less than six times the second
Find three consecutive integers if the sum of the first two integers is 6 more than the third integer
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the least integer and the greatest integer is 12 more than the middle integer
seven times the smallest of four consecutive even integers is the same as two less than five times the largest of the integers. what are the four integers?
Find two positive consecutive even integers whose product is 8 more than 5 times the larger integer.
What are three consecutive even integers whose product is 4 times their sum?
Find three consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the second and third is 4 less than 6 times the second
find four consecutive integers such that if the sum of the first and third is multiplied by 2, the result is 20 less than three times the fourth
The product of two consecutive even integers plus their sum is 98. Find the numbers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and second is equal to 23 less than the third
three consecutive even integers whose sum is 264. what is the second number?
What is the largest of the three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 57
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 135. Find the largest odd number?
3 Rosenberg sisters' ages are consecutive odd integers. If the sum of their ages is 231, how old is oldest sister
find the largest of three consecutive odd integers whose sum is -3
4 times an integer is 9 more than 3 times the next consecutive integer.  What are the two integers?
the difference of two integers is 9. five times the smaller is 9 more than three times the larger. find the integers.
find two consecutive even integers such that five times the smaller integer is ten more than three times the larger integer
Find four consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fourth is 55 greater than the opposite of the third
The least of 3 consecutive integers is divided by 10, the next is divided by 17, and the greatest is divided by 26. What are the numbers if the sum of the quotients is 10?
suppose you have three consecutive integers. The greatest of the three integers is twice as great as the sum of the first two. What are the integers?
what is the 3 consecutive even integers such that the largest is 3 times the smallest
find three consecutive even integers such that their sum decreased by the third integer is 82
Consider four consecutive integers. What is the sum of the 2nd and fourth numbers if the first number is 13.
The sum of digits of a two digit positive integer is 11. If the digit at one's place is one less than the square of the digit at the ten's place. Find the number?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that four times the smallest integer added to four times the largest integer equals 88
There are five consecutive odd integers. The sum of the first two numbers is thirty-five less than the sum of the last three numbers. What are the integers?
the larger of two integers is 3 more than the smaller. If twice the square of the smaller integer is increased by 3 times the larger integer, the result is 23. Find the larger integer.
The sum of the first and third of three consecutive even integers is 176. What are the three  even integers?
find 5 consecutive integers whose sum of the first, third, and fifth is 99
Find three consecutive odd numbers such that eight times the first plus the third is seven times the second
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the three fifths of the first and one-fourth of the second is 13.
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is negative thirty-nine
find three consecutive integers whose sum is -33
the sum of the squares of two consecutive even integers is 84 more than the product of the two integers. Find the two integers.
The sum of two integers is -50. The greater integer is 9. What is the lesser integer?
The product of two consecutive odd integers is equal to 30 more than the first. Find the integers.
The difference in the square of 2 consecutive odd integers is 48. What are the integers?
find three consecutive odd integers such that 3 times the sum of all three is 18 more than the product of the first and second integers
Find three consecutive odd positive integers such that two times the sum of all three is seven more than the product of the first and second integers.
Find two integers whose product is 84 such that one of the integers is 2 more than twice the other integer.
i'm the middle number of three consecutive numbers. the product of the three consecutive numbers is 17550. who am i?
sum of 3 consecutive even numbers is 24 . what is the middle number?
find four consecutive even integers such that four times the greatest is 36 more than the sum of the other three
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers exceeds twice the largest by 22. find the sum of the 4 numbers
find the product of three consecutive even integers whose sum is 102
there are four consecutive integers. five less than the third integer is equal to the sum of the fourth and twice the first. what is the largest number
The sum of the three smallest of four consecutive integers is 30 more than the largest integer.  What are the four consecutive integers?
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 296. What is the product of the smallest and largest of the four odd integers?
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 360. find the largest of the four odd integers
The sum of 4 consecutive odd numbers is 336.What is the second number in this sequence?
The sum of three consecutive even integers is fourteen less than twice the smallest of these integers. Calculate the product of the integers.
find two consecutive even integers such that four times the first equals three times the second
Three more than twice an odd integer is equal to the next odd integer plus 6. Find the integers.
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the third is 13 less than the first
Find four consecutive negative integers whose sum is -54
can you  find three consecutive even integers such that the product of the first and third is 96?
In three consecutive positive integers, the product of the first and third, minus the second, is 1 more than 6 times the third. The smallest integer is?
the sum of twice and thrice of a number is 75. find the number.
If six times an integer is added to four times the same integer, the results is 90. What is the integer?
Find three consecutive positive even integers such that the sum of the squares of the first and second integers is equal to the square of the third integer plus 48.
Find 3 consecutive integers in which the sum of 1st and 3rd is 84 more than one half of the 2nd
If one-half of a number is added to one-third of the next consecutive number, the sum is 67. What are the two numbers?
find three consecutive integers such that the difference of the squares of the least and the greatest is 96
the sum of two consecutive even integers is 34 less than their product. find the integers
three consecutive integers where the square of the smaller number is 4 more than 8 time the largest. what are the three integers?
find three consecutive positive integers, such that the square of the smallest exceeds the largest by 10
sum of four consecutive integers is 686, then what is the sum of four previous consecutive integers ?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of all three is 42 less than the product of the larger two.
one-fifth of the sum of a number and -3 is twice the number. What is the value of the number?
The sum of three consecutive integers is 7 less than twice the first. What are the integers?
find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of twice the smallest and three times the largest is 232
Three integers have a sum of 50. the second integer is four times as large as the first integer and the third integer is 4 less than the second integer. what are the three integers.
when a number is divided by 4 and has 12 subtracted from it, the result is 1/6 of the number. what is the number ?
Find the number such that its third is  greater than its fifth by 16.
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the least integer and the middle integer is 28 more than the greatest integer?
One-fifth the sum of three consecutive even integers is -6. Find the largest integer.
Find 4 consecutive odd integers whose sum is 216
Find 4 consecutive odd integers whose sum equals 336
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is -579
There are 3 consecutive odd integers. Three times the largest is seven times the smallest. What are the integers?
There are three consecutive odd integers. Three times the largest is seven times the smallest. What are the integers?
Difference of an odd integer and three times the next consecutive odd integer is 24. Find the integers.
What two-digit number is equal to twice the product of its digits?
what 2 digit number is equal to twice the product of its digits?
In an even 2-digit number, the second digit is 3 times the first. what is the number?
The difference between six times a number and 9 is equal to five times the sum of the number and 2. find the number
if the sum of a number and seven is tripled, the result is two less than twice the number. find the number?
the sum of two times a number and eight is equal to three times the difference between the number and four. What's the number?
twice the sum of a number and sixteen is five less than three times the number?find the number?
The product of two consecutive even integers is 4 more than 5 times the smaller of the two integers. Find the integers.
The difference between a number and its reciprocal is 7/12. Find the number.
An integer minus 3 times its reciprocal equals 26/3. What is the integer?
Find a number such that subtracting its reciprocal from the number gives 16/15.
The tens digit of a certain two-digit number is 3 more than the units digit. The sum of the squares of the two digits is 117. Find the number.
Nine times the first of two consecutive odd integers equals seven times the second.  Find the integers.
The sum of Two numbers is 39. Twice the first number and plus 3 times the second number is 101. What are the numbers?
The sum of two numbers is 21. Two times the smaller number plus five times the larger number is 84. What are the two numbers?
a number is 7 less than another. if 4 times the smaller number plus twice the larger is 46, find the two numbers?
The difference between two numbers is 55. Four times the smaller number plus five times the larger number is 176. What are the numbers.
One number is 15 more than the other. The sum of twice the larger and 3 times the smaller is 182. Find the numbers.
The first number is 5 less than the second number. Four times the first number plus five times the second number is 74. Find the numbers.
One number is 12 more than another number. The sum of twice the larger number and three times the smaller number is 64. Find the numbers.
a+b=10.6a+c=8.5b+c=8.1how much are a, b, c worth?
The sum of two consecutive odd numbers is 32.  What is the product of the two numbers?
One number is 6 less than a second number. Twice the second number is 48 more than 5 times the first. Find the two numbers
the sum of 3 digits is 5. The first and last digits are the same. If the middle digit is exchanged with the first digit , the new number is 90 less than the original number. Find the original number.
The sum of 3 numbers is 34. The first number is 3 less than the second and the third is 4 more than the second.
The sum of squares of three consecutive odd numbers is 155. What are the numbers?
one number is six more than another number. The sum of the larger number and twice the smaller number is 12. Find the numbers.
One number is 8 more than another number.  If the sum of the smaller number and twice the larger number is 46, find the two numbers.
one number is 8 more than another. if the sum of the smaller number and twice the larger number is 46, find the two numbers.
find three consecutive odd integers such that the largest decreased by three times the second is 47 less than the smallest
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 0
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 144. Find the integers.
the product of two numbers is 96. their difference is 10. what are the numbers
56406 is the product of 2 consecutive numbers. What are they?
Number A minus number B equals 13 and the two numbers multiplied together equals 950. What are the numbers?
one number is 12 more than half another number. the two numbers total 60. find the numbers.
One number exceeds another by 5. One-fifth of their sum is five less than the smaller number. Find the number.
four fifths of a number added to one half the number is equal to the sum of one tenth of the number and 1. what is the number?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the first plus twice the second plus four times the third equals 174
find three consecutive numbers such that twice the square of the first number is 38 more than the product of the other two numbers.
Three times the square of a certain positive number exceeds six times the number by nine.  Find the number:
Find the whole number such that twice its square is 11 more than 21 times the original number ?
three times the square of a certain positive number exceeds six times the number by nine.  Find the number.
the product of some negative number and 5 less than twice that number is 493. find the number?
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 7. If the digits are reversed, the new number is increased by 3 equals 4 times the original number. what is the number?
When one half of the second of two consecutive integers is subtracted from the first of the two consecutive integers, the result is 2. what is the first number?
twice the larger of two numbers is three more than five times the smaller and the sum of four times the larger and three times the smaller is 71. What are the numbers?
Twice the sum of two numbers is 1236. Twice the difference of those same two numbers is 680. What are those two numbers?
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 600. What is the least of these three numbers?
When the digits of a two-digit number are reversed, the new number is 9 more than the original number, and the sum of the digits of the original number is 11. What is the original number?
The sum of two digits is 8. If the digits of the number are reversed, the number formed is 36 more than the number. What is the number?
The sum of the digits of a 2-digit number is 11. If the digits are reversed, the number formed is 45 more than the original number. Find the original number.
the sum of the digits of a two digit number is 7. If the digits are reversed the number is increased by 37. What is the original number?
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 8. If the digits are reversed. the new number is 18 more than the original number. Find the original number.
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 12. The number formed by interchanging the digits is 54 more than the original number. What is the original number?
the ratio of the number of coins mark has to the number of coins john has is 2:5. if john has 20 coins, how many coins does mark have?
if 240:3=x:5 what's the value of x?
Given that 7 : 2 = x : 8,find the value of x
The second of three numbers is 1 less than the first. The third number is 5 less than the second. If the first number is twice as large as the third, Find the three numbers.
The second of 3 numbers is 1 less than the first. the 3rd number is 5 less than the second. if the first number is twice as large as the 3rd, find the 3 numbers.
The second of three numbers is one less than the first. The third number is five less than the second. If the first number is twice the size of the third, find the three numbers.
twice the sum of a number and 3 is the same as 1 subtracted from the number. Find the number
if n=7,what is the value of 3n+4
A number is doubled, and then seven is added. When the result is divided by forty, the quotient is two and the remainder is thirty-three. Find the original number.
Find two consecutive odd numbers such that the sum of three-sevenths of the first number and one-third of the second number is equal to thirty-eight.
find the two consecutive odd integers such that twice the smaller decreased by the larger equals 53
find two consecutive odd integers such that twice the lager is 17 more than the smaller
If the smallest of the three consecutive integer is added to twice the largest, the result is seven less than four times the middle. Find the numbers.
find the largest two-digit number which is equal to four times the sum of its digits
How many 8-digits whole numbers can be written with eight different digits, assuming that the leading digit cannot be zero?
How many eight-digit telephone numbers are possible if the first digit must be nonzero?
If the larger of two numbers is divided by 6 and is subtracted from three times the smaller one, the result is 44. If the smaller number is increased by 4, the result is half the larger numbers. Find the numbers.
Eight times the sum of a number and -2 is the same as nine times the number.  Find the number.
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is three times the third integer
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is the same as five times the greatest of these integers. what are the integers?
The sum of two numbers is 6 less than twice the first number.  Their difference is 10 less than four times the second number.  Find each of the numbers
the sum of 2 numbers is 15 less than twice the first number. their difference is 5 less than twice the second number. find each of the numbers
eight less than half a number is seven more than two thirds of the number.  find the number
the sum of the digits of a two digit number is 12. if the digits are reversed, the number is 15 more than twice the original number. What is the original number?
The larger of two numbers is 2 more than twice the smaller. Ten times the smaller number is 2 less than 4 times the larger number.  Find the 2 numbers.
One fifth of 12 more than a certain number equals one-fourth of 2 more than the number. Find the number
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the first and third exceeds one-half the second by 15.
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 8. If 16 is added to the original number, the result is 3 times the original number with its digits reversed. Find the original number.
20% of the number is 3. Find the number?
5 times a number equals 20what is the number?
Twice the difference of a number and 3 is equal to three times the sum of the number and 5. What is the number?
Four times the difference of a number and one is equal to six times the sum of the number and three.  Find the number.
the product of two numbers is 2. The sum of one number and the reciprocal of the other is 6. Find the number?
Three times an even integer is two less than 4 times the next lower even integer. Find the integer ?
The quotient of two numbers is 8 and their sum is 90. Find the numbers?
If 6 is added to a number, the result exceeds two times the number by 1. What is the number
when 4 is added to 5 times a number,the number increases by 50. Find the number.
The ten's digit of a certain two digit number is twice the units digit. If the number is multiplied by the sum of its digits the result is 63. Find the number.
The sum of three consecutive even numbers is 150. What is the product of the numbers.
The sum of two consecutive even number is 130. Find the product of the two numbers.
The sum of two numbers is twice their difference. The larger number is 6 more than twice the smaller. Find the numbers.
The sum of a number and 25 times its reciprocal is 10. Find the number.
the sum of a number and ten times its reciprocal equals seven? What is this number?
The Sum of a number and its reciprocal is 6.41. What is the number?
The sum of a number and its reciprocal is 13. Find this number.
The sum of a number and twice its reciprocal is 3. What is the number?
Given a six digit number whose last digit is 1. If you place 1 as the first digit the resulting number is 1/3 that of the original one. Determine the original number.
What three consecutive numbers have a sum which is 1/5 of their product
A sum of $1400 is to be divided between two people in the ratio 3:5. How much does each person receive?
Find the nth number in the sequence  1, 5, 13, 25, 41
The sum of the digits of a two-digit numeral is 8. If the digits are reversed, the new number is 18 greater than the original number. Find the original number.
There were 5 times as many boys as girls at the party. Also, the number of boys was 100 less than 15 times the number of girls. How many boys and girls came to the party?
A two digit counting number has a value of 8 times the sum of its digits. If 6 times the units digit is 5 more than the tens digit, what is the number?
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 7. The original two-digit number is 3 less than 4 times the number with its digits reversed. Find the original two-digit number.
Find three consecutive positive integers such that the product of the first and third, minus the second, is 1 more than 4 times the third.
find five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth number is one less than three times the fourth number
the second of three numbers is 8 more than the first, and the third number is 3 less than 3 times the first. if the third number is 15 more than the second, find the three numbers.
The sum of the number and its square is twelve times the next higher number. Find the no.
what two-digit number is twice the product of its digits?
What two consecutive integers have cubes that differ by 217?
Find three consecutive odd integers of which one half of the sum of the first and second equals the square of the difference of the third and the first.
Which two numbers have a product of 676 and a quotient of 4
the product of two numbers is 32 and their quotient is 8. find the numbers.
When fifteen is subtracted from four times the sum of seven and twice some number, the result is 45
find 3 consecutive integers such that the square of the third exceeds the sum of the second and the square of the first by 42
Find four consecutive integers such that twice the first subtracted from  the sum of the other three is 16.
Find 2 consecutive odd integers whose product is one less than 6 times their sum.
find a number which is 24 greater than its opposite
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and twice the second is 17 more than twice the third
Twice the larger number is 3 more than five times the smaller number.  The sum of the 2 numbers is 4 times the larger number.  What are the two numbers?
When 28 is added to 3 times a number y and the sum is divided by 2, the result is 2 times the number y. What is the value of y?
The product of the two-digit number and its tens digit is 54. Find the number if the sum of the digits when added to the number gives a result of 36?
The sum of a number and twice its reciprocal is 3. Find the numbers
Find two consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 79
One third of a number is -92. Find the number
The sum of two consecutive even integers is ten less than twice their product. Find their integers using factoring.
Find  three positive integers whose sum is 30 and whose product is 840?
The smaller of two consecutive even integers is 2 more than twice the larger. Find the numbers.
a number, twice that number, and one-third of that number are added. The result is 20. What is the original number?
a three-digit number, which is divisible by 10, has a hundreds digit that is one less than its tens digit. the number also is 52 times the sum of its digits. find the number
if the sum of the consecutive integers from -22 through x is 72, what is the value of x
11 less than 4 times some number is the same as the quotient of the number and 3. Find the number
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 12. The number formed by interchanging the digits is 54 more than the original number. Find the original number and its reversal.
the sum of two consecutive numbers is 9. If two times the 1st number less than 3 times the 2nd number is 7, what are the two numbers?
twice the result of subtracting an unknown number from five is eight. find the number
The difference between two numbers is 10. If the numbers are doubled, what is the difference between them?
Three times the square of the number when added to seven times the number result in 26. What is the number ?
When the number x is increased by x%, it becomes 24. Find x.
If a number is multiplied by 5 more than twice that number, the result is 12. Find the number?
Find the natural number which when added to its square gives a times the next natural number ?
One number is 17 more than another.  If the greater number is increased by 3, the result is 5 times the smaller.  What are the numbers?
The difference of two numbers is 67. The larger number is three less than six times the smaller number. Find the numbers.
The difference of two numbers is 16. the greater number is 5 less than 4 times the smaller number. find the #s?
The sum of three numbers is 44. The difference between the largest and the smallest is 14, and the largest is equal to the sum of the two smaller numbers. Find the numbers.
find two consecutive integers such that the square of the sum of the two integers is 11 more than the smaller integer.
six more than the square of a number is seven times the number. find all such numbers
Eight more than the square of a number is six times the number?
the sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 6. if the digits are reversed, the new number is three times the original tens digit. find the original number
the sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 9. if 45 is subtracted from the number, the digits of the number are reversed. find the number.
the tens digit of a two-digit number exceeds twice the units digit by 1. if the digits are reversed, the sum of the new number and the original number is 143. find the original number.
A two digit number is 7 times its unit digit. If 18 is added to the number, its digits are reversed. Find the number.
The square of a number decreased by 5 is the same as 3 more than 7 times the number. Find the number.
Five times the first of three consecutive even integers is four less than three times the third integer. Find the smallest even integer
the sum of the digits of a 2-digit number is 7. The tens digit is one less than 3 times the units digit. Find the number.
The tens digit of a 2-digit number is 9 less than twice the units digit. If the sum of the 2 digits is 18, what is the number ?
four times the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is five more than three times the largest. What is the sum of these consecutive odd integers?
Three times the opposite of a number is 40 greater than 5 times number. What is the number?
Find a number that is 32 more than its opposite
the sum of a number and three times that number is 720. what is the number
The sum of a number and seven times the number is 112. What is the number?
How many three digit numbers start with a prime digit, have an even digit in the middle, and an odd digit at the end?
How many 3-digit positive integers are odd and do not contain the digit "5"?
how many 3 digit even numbers can be made using the digits 1,2,3,4,6,7,if no digit is repeated?
How many 3 digit numbers can you make using the digits 1,2,3, and 4 if the hundreds digit is prime and repetition of a digit is not permitted?
Find 3 consecutive even numbers where the product of the smaller two numbers is 64 less than the square of the largest number
the square of a number is the same as twice the number. find the number
A two-digit number is increased by 54 when the digits are reversed. If the sum of the digits is 12, find the number.
When one-half of a number is added to one-fourth of the number, the sum is twenty-one. What is the number?
a number is 110 less than its square. find all such numbers.
Find 3 consecutive numbers where the product of the smaller two numbers is 19 less than the square of the largest number.
if the difference between the smallest and the largest of five consecutive odd numbers is t, what is t-2
find five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth is one less than three times the fourth
find 5 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth is one less than three times the fourth
Find four consecutive even integers such that the sum of the second and fourth be 74.
what 5 consecutive odd numbers total 95
i am a number that is greater than 81 but less than 95. the sum of my digits is 15. what number am i?
I am a four-digit positive integer such that the sum of my digits is 18 and my digits reversed are exactly four times myself.  What number am I?
find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first, two times the second, and three times the third is 82
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 89 more than twice the largest integer. Find the integers
Twice the sum of a number and -6 equals -6 times the sum of the number and 4. Let n stand for the number. Solve for n
what are the 5 consecutive numbers that their sum equals their product???
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of one-half of the smallest and one-third of the largest is one less than the other integer
The sum of half a number and that number's reciprocal is the same as 51 divided by the number. The number is negative. Find the number.
The sum of one third of a number and its reciprocal is the same as 49 divided by the number. Find the number
the squares of 2 consecutive odd numbers differ by 88, what are the numbers?
A certain two-digit number has a value that that is three times the sum of its digits. The units digit is one more than three times the tens digit. Find the number.
A two digit number has its digits sum equal to 11.If you reverse the digits of this number, the new two digit number is 27 more than the original two digit number. Find the number.
The sum of two numbers is 8 less than the first number. Their difference is 5 less than twice the second number. Find each of the numbers.
Twice the difference of 7 times a number and 4 yields the same result as the same number increased by 6. What is the number?
The value of a two digit number is twice as large as the sum of its digits. If the digits were reversed, the resulting number would be 9 less than 5 times the original number. Find the original number.
The tens digit of a two-digit number is twice the units digit.  If the digits are reversed, the new number is 36 less than the original number.  Find the number.
The product of two consecutive even numbers is 12 more than the square of the smaller number. Form an equation and solve it to find the numbers
Find three consecutive numbers such that the sum of one-fourth the first and one-fifth the second is five less than one-seventh the third.
Find the value of T in this equation:   BT^2=F^3/Z?B=2,F=3,Z=4
I am a 3-digit numberAll my digits are oddI am less than 600I am greater than 400If you add my digits you get 15My last digit is 7What am I?
what is the sum of the first 100 odd numbers
A+B+C+D=D+E+F+G=G+H+I=17 where each letter represent a distinct integer from 1 to 9. Find out what does letter D and G represent if letter A= 4
Find the value of c that makes  x^2+18x+c  a perfect square trinomial.
Find this quantity: one half of the quantity multiplied by one third of the quantity equals 24.
The tens digit of a two-digit number is 3 more than twice the units digit. If the digits are reversed, the new number is 54 less than the original number. Find the original number.
If the expression x^2 - kx - 12 is equal to zero when x=4, what is the value of k?
A 3- digit number in which one digit is the average of the other two digits is called an average number.  456 is an average  number because 5 is the average of 4 and 6.  How many three digit average numbers are there?
what is 8% of 2,000.
what's 8% of 5.00?
The denominator of a fraction exceeds the numerator by 4. When the fraction is reduced to lowest terms it is 2/3. What is the fraction?
When the number n is multiplied by 4, the result is the same as when 4 is added to n. What is the value of 3n?
When the number w is multiplied by 4, the result is the same as when 4 is added to w. What is the value of 3w?
Four times the sum of three consecutive odd integers is seven hundred sixty-five less than three times the product of the larger two numbers. What are the three integers?
x + 20 = y + 80. What is the value of x-y.
Sum of 2 numbers is 35.3 times the larger number is the same as 4 times the smaller number. find the larger number.
if a is 50% larger than c, and b is 25% larger than c, then a is what percent larger than b?
The numbers a and b are consecutive positive integers, and a < square root of 200 < b.What is the value of the product of ab?
which 2 perfect squares get a difference of 35?
if 4 less than 3 times a certain number is 2 more than the number, what is the number
when twice a number is decreased by 8, the result is the number increased by 7. find the number?
3 less than 5 times a number is 11 more than the number? Find the number.
If x-y = 5 and x^2 + y ^ 2 = 15 what is the value of xy?
if 5 times the smaller of two numbers is subtracted from twice the larger, the result is 16. if the larger is increased by 3 times the smaller, the result is 63. find the larger number.
Using the equations below, find the value  of F if A= 5A+B=CC+D=EE+A=FB+D+F=30
the first three terms of an arithmetic sequence are (12-p), 2p, (4p-5) respectively where p is a constant.Find the value of p
there are four consecutive odd integers. the sum of the first and the second numbers is 96. what are the integers?
write three prime numbers that add up to 100
If the product of -3 and the opposite of a number is decreased by 7, the result is 1 greater than the number.  What is the number?
Suppose f is a function that satisfies 1/x f(-x)+ f(1/x) = 2x for all x different from 0. What is the value of f(2)?
The sum of two numbers is 4. The sum of their squares is 18. WHat is the smaller of the two numbers?
the sum of 2/3 and four times a number is equal to 5/6 subtracted from five times the number. Find the number.
Solve the following number riddle.a.) I am a positive integer.b.) All my digits are odd.c.) I am equal to the sum of the cubes of my digits.d.) I am less than 300.Who am I?
If 3x - 1 = 11, what is the value of x^2 + x?
Find the difference between the product of 26/22 and 3.09 and the sum of 3,507.00, 2.08, 11.50 and 16,712.00
One of the roots of the equation 2x^2 - x + M = 0 is twice the other root. Find the value of M.
5/6 of a number is 3/4.  What is the number?
What is the value of x in the following equation?3x - 4(x + 1) + 10 = 0
A whole number between 100 and 1000 is to be formed so that one of the digits is 6, and all the digits are different. How many numbers are possible.
The square of x is equal to 4 times the square of y. If x is 1 more than twice y, what is the value of x?
Three consecutive odd integers have a sum equal to 105. What is the product for these numbers?
The average of three consecutive multiples of 3 is a.The average of four consecutive multiples of 4 is a+27The average of the smallest and largest of these seven integers is 42.Determine the value of a.
The sum of three numbers is 4. The first, minus the second, plus 4 times the third, is -9. The third, plus 5 times the first, plus the second, is 24. What are the numbers?
Five times a number is equal to another number. Their difference is 52. Find the smaller number.
If y = 3x + 2 and y = -4 -6x what is the value of y?
The sum of two numbers is 26 and their product is 48. The sum of their reciprocals is?
Find the real number solutions of the equation x^3 + 3x^2 - x - 3 = 0
Two angels are complementary. The sum of the measure of the first angle and half the second angle is 68 degrees. What is the measure of the smaller angle and what is the measure of the other angle?
what is the value for x in the following linear system of equations?x - y = 52x + y = 7
What number minus one-half is equal to negative one-half ?
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 7. The tens' digit is 3 more than the ones' digit. What is the number?
The quotient of -54 and 9, subtracted from 8 times a number, is -18. What's the number?
find values of x, y, and z so that each expression x to the second power, y to the 3rd power, and z to the 6th power has a value of 64.
If xy= 7 and x-y= 5, then x^2y - xy^2 =?
Tripling the greater of two consecutive even integers gives the same result as subtracting 10 from the lesser even integer. What are the integers?
The product of two integers is -24 and the sum of the squares of these 2 integers is 73. What are the integers?
The second of three numbers is 1 less than the first. The third number is 5 less than twice the second. If the third number exceeds the first number by 12, find the three numbers.
If 30% of 40% of a positive # is equal to 20% of w% of the same #, what is the value of w?
square root six over square root 7 multiplied by square root 14 over square root 3.
if 4 is added to the square of a composite integer, the result is 14 less than 9 times that integer. find the integer.
Two positive whole numbers differ by 5. When one is added to twenty times the smaller number, the result is the same as the square of the bigger number. Find two pairs of numbers for which this statement is true.
How many four-digit numbers can be formed using the digits 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8, and 9 if the first digit cannot be 0? Repeated digits are allowed.
a two digit number is equal to four times the sum of its digits. If it is increased by 3, the resulting number is equal to three times the sum of its digits. Find the original number.
the equation is 10x - 19 = 9 - 4x.What's the value of x?
the sum of 2 consecutive integers and their product is 271. find the integers?
The sum of the 32 terms in an arithmetic series is 5488 and the first term is 1. Find the last term in the series.
Find the reciprocal of  (-1/2)(8/4)(12)
what is the sum of all 2-digit numbers from 10 to 99?
The sum of two positive numbers is 20. What is the minimum value of the sum of their reciprocals?
Find the value of k so that the equation will have exactly one rational solution?2x^2+8x+k=0
the difference between two numbers is 2184. if the bigger number is 3 times the smaller number, find the sum of the two numbers.
I think of a number, double it, add three, multiply the answer by three and then add on twice the number I first thought of. If the final answer is 145 what was the number I first thought of?
consider the sequence A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H. The sum of any 3 consecutive terms is 14. If B=7 and F=4. what is D?
if p+q=5 and 2pq=8, what is p^2+q^2?
Find the sum of the terms in this arithmetic sequence :1,5,9,13...105
The first 3 terms of a geometric series sum to -189, and the next 3 terms sum to 7. What is the sum of the first 2 terms of the series?
Seven more than the product of a number and four is negative seventeen. find the number.
The sum of two numbers is 28. Their products is 7.Find the sum of the reciprocals of the numbers!
what is the sum of all the four digit positive integers that can be written with the digits 1, 2, 3, and 4 if each digit must be used exactly once in each four digit positive integer.
If you subtract a number from four times its square, the result is three? Find the number.
The sum of the first 100 positive whole numbers is 5050. what is the sum of the first 100 positive odd whole numbers ?
Jabari is thinking of three numbers. The greatest number is twice as big as the least number. The middle number is three more than the least number. The sum of the three numbers is 75. Find the numbers.
find the common difference of an AP whose 1st term is 100 and the sum of whose first six terms is 5 times the sum of the next 6 terms?
If (a+b)/a=6 and (b+c)/c=9 then what is the numerical value of a/c?
Find The sum of all integer multiples of 7 from 7 to 700
Searching for the value of a variable in a fraction?15/630,000 = 0.50/b
nine times the reciprocal of a  number equals 3 times the  reciprocal of 4?Find the number.
Two times the reciprocal of a number equals 28 times the reciprocal of 35. Find the number.
A number is 5 less than the square of the other number. The product of the two numbers is 12. What are the numbers?
In an arithmetic  sequence, the 7th term minus the 1st term equals 18. The sum of the 1st and 7th term is -2. Find the 6th term.
One number is seven more than twice another. If their sum is decreased by nine, the result is thirteen. Find the numbers.
the sum of my two digits is 13. I am not divisible by 2. List all the possible numbers I could be.
what is the sum of the roots of the equation?: 2x^2+6x-7=0?
What is the sum of the arithmetic sequence 152, 138, 124, if there are 24 terms?
Find two consecutive odd numbers such that the sum of one-fifth of the smaller and four-sevenths of the larger is equal to fifty-nine.
the first three terms of an arithmetic series have a sum of 24 and a product of 312. what is the fourth term?
The product of two consecutive integers is 2 less than the square of the smaller integer. Find the larger of the two integers.
Rhonda added 140 to one third of a number for a result of 216.What is the number?
Find the five digit number in which the first two digits are the square of the third digit and the last two digits are the square of the digit that is one less than the third digit. The sum of all the digits is 22.
The units digit of a two-digit number is one-third the tens digit. When the digits are reversed, the new number is two more than four times the tens digit. Find the original number.
What is the number? the sum of the digits is 8.  The product is 12.   The number is between 30 and 90.
If y= 4(2x-9)+25. what is the value of y when x=25?
If the difference of a number and 5 is tripled, the result is 1/9. Find the number.
The units digit of a two-digit number is 5 more than the tens digit. If the digits are reversed and the new number is divided by the original, the quotient is 2 and the remainder is 7. What is the original number?
when 8 is subtracted from a certain number and the result is multiplied by 4, the answer is the same as when the number is added to 19. What's the answer?
The sum of 3 consecutive EVEN integers is 174. What is the first integer?
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 72. What are the smallest of these numbers?
The sum of the digits of a 2-digit number is 7. If the digits are reversed, the new number is 9 less than the original number. Find the original number.
The numerator of a fraction is 7 more than twice the denominator. The reciprocal of the fraction equals 0.4. Find the fraction.
The denominator of a fraction is 1 more than the numerator. when (5/6) is added to the fraction, the terms of the fraction are reversed. what is the original fraction?
Take a number, multiply it by 8, subtract 8, divide by 12, and double the quotient. the result is 20. what is the number?
3 times the first of three consecutive numbers is 4 more than 2 times the second. Find the numbers.
Five times the smallest of three consecutive integers is 10 more than twice the largest. Find the integers.
If f(x) = 3x^2 - Bx + 4 and f(-1) = 12, what is the value of B?
the sum of three consecutive integers is 96. find them.
the sum of 3 consecutive numbers is 753. what are these numbers.
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 72, find the three numbers?
The number 625 is the sum of the squares of two 2-digit numbers. The difference between the numbers is one third of one of these numbers and one quarter of the other. What are those two numbers?
If x+ 1=3, what is the value of x^4 +1?
you take the same number and multiply it by itself 6 times, and you get 117,649. what is the original number?
What is the value of y in the solution for the system of equations?x + y = 10x + 2y = 4
Fifteen times the square of a non-zero number is equal to 12 times the number. What is the number?
Find all numbers with the property that when the number is added to itself the sum is the same as when the number is multiplied by itself.
There are two numbers.The quotient of the numbers is 9.The difference of the numbers is 48.The sum of the numbers is 60.Find the numbers.
the mean of 6 numbers is 34. if five of the numbers are 13,25,36,41,49, what is the 6th number?
a number is 2+1/10 more than its reciprocal. find the number.
the sum of two numbers is 20, the difference of the same two numbers is 6. what is the product of the two numbers?
If three times the square of a certain number itself, the result is 14. Find the number?
The difference between two numbers is 16. Three times the larger number is seven times the smaller. What are the Numbers?
the difference of two numbers is tripled. the result is decreased by 1. If the lesser of the two numbers is 4, and the result is 8.3. Find the greater number x.
If (x + 2)^2 equal 9, what is the value of (x + 1)(x + 3)?
half m increased by 7+1/2 is 14. Find m.
43 is 11 less than 5/8 times a number p. Find p.
find three consecutive integers, the sum of whose squares is 59 more than three times the square of the smallest.
The larger of two numbers is one more than twice the smaller. The sum of the numbers is 20 less than 3 times larger? Find the numbers.
The difference between one-half of a number and one-sixth of the number is equal to ten more than one-eighth of that number. Find the number.
The ones digit of a number that is less than 100 is 4 greater than the tens digit. The sum of the number and the product of the digits is 58. Find the number, please.
What is the sum of 103 and 312?
the product of two-thirds and a number is 4 more than the number. What is the number?
find a rational number such that the sum of the number and its reciprocal is 2+1/6?
The mean of six numbers is 5. A seventh number is added and the new mean is 6. Find the seventh number?
the sum of 3 numbers equal 64. The second number is 3 more than the first. The third number is 11 less than twice the first. Find the numbers.
The sum of 3 consecutive odd integers is 40 more than the smallest. Find the integers?
the eighth power of a number divided by the fifth power of that number is 27. what is the number?
The tens digit of a certain two-digit number is 1 more than 3 times the units digit. The original number is 9 less than 3 times the number formed by interchanging the digits. Find the original number.
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is one third of the number. The units digit is 5 more than the tens digit. What is the number?
If 3/5 of the number is 40 lesser than the 40 % of the same number, what is the 35% of that number ?
what number multiplied by itself 4 times gives you 1296?
Find two numbers such that 4 times the first number minus 4 times the second number equals 24 and twice the first number times the second number equals 30
The sum of three numbers is 100. Find the numbers if the second number is 10 more than twice the first, and the third number is ten less than the sum of the first and the second.
The average (arithmetic mean) of t, u, v, w, and x is 120. If the average of t, u, v, and w is 80, what is the value of x?
If 30 is added to 1/3 of a number, the result is double the number.What is the number?
a certain number decreased by 4 is equal to 8 increased by the quotient of the same number and 5. what is the number?
Find four rational numbers such that the product of the first, third and fourth numbers is -6. The second number is 3 less than the first number, the third is 2 less than the second, and the fourth is 2 less than the third.
The average of two numbers is 50. One of the numbers is four less than three times as many as the other number. What are these two numbers?
Evaluate the expression (x^2 + y) - x when x = 2, and y = 6.
What number is 50 more than 108 divided by 9?
find the sum of the reciprocals of two consecutive even integers if the smaller integer is x.
Two consecutive even numbers are such that their sum is greater than 98 decreased by twice the larger. Find the smallest possible values for the integers.
three more than five times a number is less than 18. Find the largest integer for which this is true.
A denominator is 3 plus the numerator of a fraction. If 4 is added to the denominator and 2 subtracted from the numerator, the resulting fraction is 3/4. Find the original fraction.
A denominator is 3 times the numerator of a fraction. If 4 is added to the denominator and 2 subtracted from the numerator, the resulting fraction is 3/4.  Find the original fraction.
If the sum of four consecutive even integers is less than 250, what is the greatest possible value for one of these even integers?
the sum of the number and its square root is 6/25,then find the number ?
I am less than 80 and greater than 60. The sum of my digit is 8. I am odd. What number am I?
the units digit of a two-digit number is less than its tens digit. if the number is divided by the sum of its digits, the quotient is 6 and the remainder is 8. find the number.
The sum of the reciprocals of two consecutive even integers is 7/24. Find these integers.
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is more than 375. Find the minimum values of these integers.
The denominator of a fraction is 1 more than the numerator. If the numerator is decreased by one and the denominator is increased by 2, the value of the fraction becomes 2/3. Find the fraction.
The sum of the numerator and the denominator of a fraction is 10. If the numerator is multiplied by 3 and the denominator by 1/2, the fraction becomes 2/3. Find the fraction?
Find all the sets of five consecutive even integers whose sum is between 225 and 250
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is less than 54. what is the set of the largest three consecutive odd integers that fits this situation?
In a set of four consecutive positive integers, the smallest integer is less than half the largest integer. What is the largest integer that could be in the set?
find all sets of four consecutive integers whose sum is between 22 and 30
The sum of the reciprocals of 2 consecutive even integers is 5/12. Find the integers.
find two consecutive integers such that the sum of their reciprocals is 27/182
i am a 3 digit number divisible by 7 but not 2 the sum of my digits is 4
Find three consecutive even integers such that the product of the first and the third is 24 less than 9 times the second.
The sum of two consecutive even integers is at most 180. Find the pair of integers with the greatest sum.
find three consecutive integers such that the product of -5 and the sum of the first two is 43 less than twice the second.
The difference between an integer and its square root is 110, what is the integer?
Three divided by the difference of one and a number is as much as twice the same number
If r is the remainder when 80 is divided by 9 and n is the remainder when r is divided by 3, what is the value of rn?
The difference between the product and the sum of two different integers is equal to the sum of their GCD (greatest common divisor) and LCM (least common multiple). Find all these pairs of numbers.
twelve divided by the sum of x and 2 equals the quotient of 4 and the difference of x and 2. Find x.
the LCM of two numbers is 200 and their GCF is 10. The sum of the numbers is 90. Find the numbers.
find two numbers such that their product, their sum, and their difference have the ratio 5:3:2.
Find the value of x which satisfies the equation e^(2x) + e^x - 6 = 0
Take 1 less than the square of the sixth prime number and subtract this from the least common multiple of 44 and 54. What is the result?
Find the number of terms in the following geometric sequence:-409.6, 102.4, -25.6,..., 0.025
if 2 raised to the power of X = 17, what's the value of x?
if 5/n-1/2=3/(6n) what is the value of n
What number can be added to both the numerator and the denominator of 16/37 to produce a fraction equal to 5/8?
let x= 3^2x5^3x7^4 and Y=2^3x3x5^2. what is the greatest common factor of x and y?
The GCF of two numbers is 5 and their LCM is 225. What are the numbers?
The numerator of a fraction is 4 less than the denominator. If 17 is added to each, the value of the fraction is 5/6. Find the original fraction.
In the quadratic equation (k-2)x^2-5x+2k+3 =0, the roots are reciprocals of each other. Find the value of k.
if x+y=0 and x is not equal to 0 then what is the value of x^2008 divided by y^2008?
what is the geometric mean of the number 4 and 49?
what is a 2 digit number that when you divide by both 9 and 10 the remainder is 7?  it has to be a positive number.
8 divided by 1/4 will be equal to which value?
The numerator of a certain fraction is 4 times the denominator. If 6 is added to both the numerator and denominator, the resulting fraction is equivalent to 2. whAt was the original fraction.
Find two consecutive odd integers such that 4 times the smaller added to 3 times the larger gives a sum of 601.
The sum of two numbers is 20, and their sum is to their difference as 10 is to 1. What are the numbers?
if 5^21 x 4^11= 2 x 10^n what is the value of n?
Find the sum of a geometric sequence whose first term is 54, whose last (nth) term is 2, and whose common ratio is 1/3.
Find the sum of the terms in the geometric series with a_1 = -9, r = -4, and a_n = 9,216?
What is the 7th term of the geometric sequence where a1 = -4 and a5 = -1,024?
Suppose f(x)=4x-2 and g(x)=-2x+1. Find the value of f(5)/g(-3)?
The sum of two numbers is 18 and their difference is 4 . What are the two numbers ?
Two numbers have a sum of 22 . Their difference is 4 . what are the two numbers ?
Two numbers have a difference of 10 and the sum of 34 . What are the numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 38 . Their difference is 12 . What are the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 39 and their difference is 7 . What are the numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 20 . Their difference is 4 . Find the two numbers .
one number exceeds another by 5 , and their sum is 29 ; find them .
The sum of two numbers is 621 , and their difference is 109 . Find the two numbers
Find two numbers whose sum is 55 and whose difference is 13 .
a number exceeds another number by 5 . the sum of the numbers is 19 . find the numbers
One number exceeds another by -6 . The sum of the numbers is 12 . What are the numbers ?
Two numbers have a sum of 39 . Their difference is 11 . What are the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 2 . If one number is subtracted from the other , the result is 8 . Find the numbers .
Find two numbers whose sum is 64 and whose difference is 42 .
The sum of two numbers is 70 . One number is eight more than the other . What are the two numbers ?
the sum of 2 numbers is 75 . the larger number is 3 more than the smaller number . What 're the numbers ?
the sum of two integers is 42 . their difference is 8 find the integers .
if a number is 2 more than a second and their sum is 30 , find the numbers .
the sum of two numbers is 50 . The difference between these numbers is 10 than find the numbers
the sum of two numbers is 64 the smaller number is 12 less than the larger number . What are the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 55 . The smaller is 5 less than the larger what are the numbers
the sum of two numbers is 35 . if the larger number is 7 greater than the smaller number , find the numbers
The sum of two integers is zero . The difference of the same two integers is 16 . What are the two integers ?
One number is 10 less than another number . If their sum is 60 , what are the numbers ?
One number is seven less than another . The sum of the numbers is 35 . Find the numbers .
find two numbers whose sum is 53 and whose difference is 27 . what is the larger number ? what is the smaller number ?
The sum of two consecutive integers is 145 . Find the two integers .
the second of two numbers is 4 more than the first . The sum of the numbers is 56 . If x represents the first number , and y represents the second number , what are the numbers ?
What two numbers have a sum of 34 and a difference of 10 ?
The sum of two numbers is 28 . Their difference is 4 . What are the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 31 . Their difference is 9 . What are the two numbers ?
A+B = 22 and A - B = 4 , so what is the value of A and B ?
1405 is the sum of 2 consecutive numbers . What are they ?
the sum of two numbers is 90 . their difference is 18 . find the numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 48 , and their difference is 24 . What are the numbers ?
The difference between two number is 9 . Find the numbers , if their sum is 46 .
One number is three less than another . Their sum is eleven . Find the numbers .
Find three consecutive even numbers so that the sum of the first and third numbers is 22 less than three times the second number .
Find three consecutive odd integers whose sum is -81 .
The sum of two numbers is 76 . The second is 8 more than 3 times the first . What are the two numbers ?
one number is 4 more than twice the second number . Their total is 25 . Find the numbers
The sum of two numbers is 78 . If four times the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number , the result is 13 . What are the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 13 . The larger number is 1 more than 3 times the smaller number . What are the numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 32 ; the larger number is 12 greater than twice the smaller . What are the 2 numbers ?
One number is 3 more than twice a second number . Their sum is 27 . Find the numbers .
One number is 5 more than twice another number . The sum of the numbers is 35 . Find the numbers .
The two integers sum up to 36 . If the larger of these integers is divided by the other , the quotient is 2 and the remainder is 3 . Find the numbers
The sum of two numbers is 78 . The second is 8 more than 4 times the first . What are the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 94 . The second is 6 more than 3 times the first . What are the two numbers ?
one number is 2 more than three times a second number . the sum of the two numbers is 30 . find the two numbers .
the sum of two numbers is 825 . Dividing the larger number by the smaller number yeilds 8 with a remainder of 15 . What are the 2 numbers ?
The difference between a number and fifteen is seven . Find the number .
A number subtracted from 17 gives the quotient of 48 and -8 . Find the number .
What is the sum of 1 and 1 ?
Three times the larger of two numbers is equal to four times the smaller . The sum of the numbers is 21 . Find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 22 . Five times one number is equal to 6 times the second number . Find the numbers .
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the twice the first , six times the second and three times the third is 133 .
5 times the sum of three consecutive integers is 150 . What are the integers ?
Three times the sum of three consecutive integers is 72 . What are the integers ?
If 3 is subtracted from four times a number , the result is 10 less than five times the number . Find the number .
Phil found that the sum of twice a number and -21 is 129 greater than the opposite of the number , What is the number ?
The sum of two numbers is 82 . The larger number is 17 less than twice the smaller number . What are the two numbers ?
Two numbers have sum of 32 . If the second is five less than four times the first , what are the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 112 . The greater of the two is 32 less than 11 times the lesser number . Find the numbers ?
The larger of two numbers is 5 less than twice the smaller number . The sum of the two numbers is 28 . What are the numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 48 . Three times the smaller number is the same as 32 more than the larger . Find the two numbers .
The larger of two numbers is 7 less than 4 times the smaller . Find the numbers given that their sum is 28 .
Separate 89 into two parts so that the second part is 4 less than twice the first part ?
The sum of two numbers is 100 . Five times the smaller number is eight more than the larger . Find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is fourteen . The difference between two times the smaller and the larger is one . Find the two numbers .
Grant is thinking of two numbers . He says that one of the numbers is six times the other number decreased by 2 and the sum of the numbers is 25 . What are the numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 240 . The larger number is 6 less than twice the smaller number . Find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 12 . When one number is subtracted from three times the other , the result is 5 . Find the numbers .
Seperate the number 57 into two parts so that the first number is three less than twice the second number .
The sum of two numbers is 62 . Two times the lesser number is 4 more than the greater number . What are the numbers ?
twice the greater of two consecutive odd integers is thirteen less than three times the lesser number ?
Find two consecutive odd integers such that 5 times the first integer is 12 more than 3 times the second .
Twice the greater of two consecutive odd integers is 13 less than three times the lesser . Find the integers .
Find two consecutive odd integers such that six times the first equals ten more than four times the second .
Three times the greater of two consecutive odd integers is five less than four times the smaller . Find the two numbers .
Four times an integer is 9 more than three times the next consecutive odd integer . What are two odd integers ?
The sum of two numbers is 23 . Twice the larger number is 4 more than 4 times the smaller . What are the numbers ?
The sum of two integers is fifteen . Eight times the smaller is 1 less than three times the larger . Find the numbers .
The sum of two integers is twenty . Five times the smaller integer is two more than twice the larger integer . Find the two integers .
The sum of two numbers is 88 . Three times the smaller equals twice the larger number , plus 29 . Find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 18 . Find the numbers , if three times the smaller is one less than twice the larger .
The sum of two integers is ten . Three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer . Find the integers
The sum of 2 numbers is 33 . Three times one number is six less than four times the other . What are the two numbers ?
the sum of two integers is ten , three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer .
The sum of two integers is 10 . Three times the larger integer is three less than 8 times the smaller integer . Find the integers .
The sum of two consecutive integers is 105 . Find the integers .
The sum of two consecutive integers is 237 . Find the two integers .
the left and right page numbers of an open book are two consecutive integers whose sum is 449 . find the page numbers .
the sum of two consecutive integers is 19 . what are the integers ?
Find two consecutive integers whose sum is 83 .
the sum of the numbers on two consecutive post office boxes is 547 . what are the numbers ?
the sum of 2 consecutive numbers is 95 . what are the numbers
two consecutive integers whose sum is 75 .
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 20 more than twice the smaller .
the larger of two consecutive even integers is 2 more than twice the smaller . find the numbers .
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 176 .
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 56 .
What are two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 56 ?
Find two consecutive odd integers whose sum equals to 84 . list from least to greatest .
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 56 . Find the two odd integers .
fine two consecutive odd integers whose sum is 176
What two consecutive odd integers have a sum of 88 ?
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 24 . Find the integers .
the sum of two consecutive odd integers is 24 . find the two integers
If five times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger , the result is 59 . Find the integers .
the greater of two consecutive even integers is six less than twice the smaller .
The larger of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than 3 times the smaller . Find the integers .
The greater of two consecutive even integers is six less than twice the smaller . Find the two numbers
the greater of two consecutive even integers is 58 less than three times the smaller . find the integers .
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than three times the less : Find the integers
An even integer is doubled . The result is 16 more than the next consecutive even integer . Find the two integers .
Find two consecutive even integers such that twice the smaller diminished by twenty is equal to the larger .
Find 2 consecutive even integers such that the greater is 6 less than 3 times the lesser .
The sum of three consecutive integers is 87 . What are the integers ?
Find three of the consecutive integer whose sum is equal to six . List answers from least to greatest ?
Find three consecutive integers who 's sum is 171
what are the three consecutive integers whose sum is 114 .
the sum of three consecutive integers is thirty . What are the numbers ?
the sum of three consecutive integers is 48 . what is the set of three consecutive integers that fits this situation
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 111 . What are the three numbers ?
The sum of three consecutive integers is 42 . Find the integers
The sum of three consecutive integers is 87 . Find the integers .
Find 3 consecutive integers whose sum is 27 ?
Find three consecutive integers whose sum is 63 .
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 216 . Find the four integers .
Four consecutive odd integers have a sum of 120 . What are the integers ?
The sum of 4 consecutive odd integers is 216 . Find the four integers .
Find four Consecutive odd integers whose sum is 336 .
Find four consecutive integers whose sum is 94 .
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 6 less than three times the lesser . Find the integers .
The sum of three consecutive integers is 33 more than the least of the integers . Find the integers .
the sum of 3 consecutive integers is 33 more than the least of the integers . find the integers
if one third of a number is 6 less than half of the number , what is the number ?
A number when multiplied by 0.388888 instead of 0.875 and got the result 770 less than the actual result , find the original number ?
One third of a number is 5 less than half of the same number . What is the number ?
Five times a number subtracted from 3 times the number equals 20 . Find the number .
twice a number is 12 less than 6 times the opposite of the number . What is the number ?
three times a number is 10 less than five times the number . find the number
eight times what number is 11 more than four times the number ?
3 times a number is 7 more than twice the number ? What is the number ?
four times a number is 36 greater than the product of the number and -2 . What is the number ?
Five times a number subtracted from seven times the number is a result of 18 ?
six times a number equals 3 times the number , increased by 24 . find the number
Three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 417 .
The sum of 3 consecutive odd numbers is 39 . what are the numbers ?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 123 . Find the integers .
The sum of 3 consecutive odd numbers is 39 . Find the numbers ?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69 . Find the integers .
the sum of what three consecutive odd numbers is 39 ?
If the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 237 , then what are the integers
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is equal to 39 . Write the equation that describes this situation and determine the three integers .
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 171 . what are the integers ?
the sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 273 . what are the numbers
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 249 . Find the numbers .
are there three consecutive odd integers whose sum is 75 ? if so , find them .
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 201 . Find the integers .
what is three odd consecutive integers of 99 ?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 63 . Find the numbers
Consecutive even integers . Find four consecutive even integers whose sum is 340 .
The sum of four consecutive even numbers is 124 . What are the numbers ?
For two consecutive integers the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 38 . what are the integers .
Find two consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and 3 times the second is 55 .
When the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger the result is 199 . Find the smaller integer .
The sum of the smaller of two consecutive integers and twice the larger integer is 47 . What are the integers ?
when the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger , the result is 43 . Find the two integers .
For 2 consecutive integers , the result of adding the smaller integer and triple the larger integer is 79 . What are the 2 integers ?
When the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to three times the larger , the result is 39 . Find the integers .
three consecutive even numbers add up to 234 . find the three numbers
The sum of 3 consecutive even integers is 222 . Find the numbers .
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 72 . Find the three integers
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 228 . Find the integers
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 30 . Find the integers ?
Find three consecutive even integers whose sum is 192 .
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 54 . Find all three integers
find the value of y in the following to make it an arithmetic sequencey +8 , 4y +6 , 3y
Find three consecutive odd integers such that six times the sum of the first and second is 2 more than 10 times the third .
find the consecutive odd numbers such that twice the sum of the first and second is one more than three times the third .
three consecutive odd integers such that seven times the sum of the first two integers is three more than nine times the third integer .
find three consecutive odd integers such that if six times the first is subtracted from the sum of twice the second plus five times the third , the result is 53
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is -40 . Find the integers .
what are two consecutive even integers such that the sum of the larger and 3 times the smaller is 234 ?
find two consecutive even integers such that the larger , added to eight times the smaller , equals 110
Three times the greatest of 3 consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by 38 . Find the integers .
Three times the greatest of three consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by 38 . What are the integers ?
The difference between two numbers is 14 and half of their sum is 25 . What are the numbers ?
The sum of three consecutive positive integers is 246 . Find the largest integer .
The sum of 3 consecutive integers is 54 . What is the greatest of the three integers ?
The sum of the third and twice the first of three consecutive odd integers is 49 . Find all three consecutive odd integers .
Find three consecutive odd integers suck that the sum of the greatest and twice the least is 25 .
One positive number is 5 times another number . The difference between the two numbers is 124 , find the numbers .
The difference between two positive integers is 42 . One integer is three times as great as the other . Find the integers .
one number equals three times another number . the difference between the numbers is 10 . find the numbers .
One number is 8 times another ; their difference is 28 . What are the numbers
the difference between two integers is 38 . one integer is three times as great as the other . Find the integers
One positive number is 5 times another number . The difference between the two numbers is 1524 , find the numbers .
One number is twice another number . The larger number is also 32 more than the smaller number . Find the numbers .
One number is twice another number . The larger number is also 24 more than the smaller number . Find the numbers .
the smaller of two numbers is thrice the larger . the larger number is 8 more than the smaller one . find the numbers ?
Twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is seven more than the largest . Find the integers .
Twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is three more than the largest . Find the integers .
twice the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is seven more than the largest . determine the integers .
one number is 5 times another number . the sum of the two numbers is 270 . what is the number
The sum of two numbers is 52 . The larger number is three times the smaller number . Find the larger number
One integer is four times another . The sum of the integers is 65 . What is the value of the lesser integer ?
What are consecutive numbers where the 1st and 3rd equal 58 ?
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the smallest and the largest is 40 .
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and the third is 40 .
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and third is 76
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and third is forty two .
Three times the greatest of three consecutive even integers exceeds twice the least by the 38 . Write an equation and Find the integers .
Four times the smallest of three consecutive even integers is ten more than three times the largest integer . Find the integers ?
Find two consecutive odd integers such that seven times the first equals five times the second .
Five times the first of two consecutive odd integers is three times the second . Find the integers ?
Seven times the first of two consecutive odd integers is equal to five times the second . Find each integer .
the sum of two consecutive even integers is -298 . what are the integers ?
the sum of two consecutive even integers is -78 . find the two integers .
The largest of 2 integers is one more than three times the smaller . If the sum of the two integers is 37 , find the larger integer .
The sum of two numbers is 70 . The larger number is 4 more than twice the smaller number . What is the smaller number ?
one integer is 3 more than twice another integer . If sum of the two integers is 36 , what is the smaller integer ?
the sum of two integers is fifty seven . Twice the smaller integer is six less than the larger integer . Find the smaller integer
Find two consecutive even integers such that 3 times the smaller is 12 more than 2 times the larger .
Find two consecutive even integers such that three times the lesser integer is eight more than twice the greater integer .
find 4 consecutive integers such that the sum of the first three exceeds the 4th by 18 .
Find two consecutive integers such that 4 times the larger exceeds 3 times the smaller by 23 .
Find two consecutive integers such that four times the the larger exceeds three times the smaller by 23 .
Four times the greater of two consecutive integers is 1 more than five times the lesser number . Find the integers .
find 2 consecutive integers where twice the smaller increased by 26 is equal to three times the larger .
3 times an integer is 41 less than 5 times the next consecutive integer . Find the two consecutive integers .
of three consecutive even integers , the sum of the smallest two integers is equal to 6 less than the largest . find the integers
There are 3 consecutive odd integers whose sum is 303 . What is the value of the 3rd odd integer ?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69 . what is the largest of the integers ?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 27 . What is the middle integer ?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 417 . what is the largest of the three consecutive integers ?
3 consecutive odd numbers add up to 33 . Which is the highest ?
find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the middle integer is seven more than the sum of the first and third integer .
Find three consecutive odd integers such that five times the middle integer equals 33 more than the sum of the first and the last .
find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and 43 .
The sum of an integer and three times the next consecutive integer is 47 . What is the original integer .
four times the smallest of three consecutive odd integers is 236 more than the sum of the other two integers . Find the integers .
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that 3 times the smallest , is 5 more than the sum of the 2nd and 3rd .
find two consecutive odd number such that when smaller number is subtracted from 3 time bigger number , the result is 56 .
The sum of two consecutive integers problem . Three times the larger integer less two times the smaller integer is 58 . Find the value of the smaller integer
Twice the lesser of two consecutive odd integers decreased by the greater integer is 53 . What are the integers ?
If the lesser of two consecutive odd integers is doubled , the result is 7 more than the greater of the two integers . Find the two integers .
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is one less than twice the smaller . Find the integers .
the sum of two numbers is -3 . if the second number is subtracted from the first , the difference is 27 . find the numbers
Two integers have a difference of -11 and a sum of -3 . What are the integers ?
two integers have a sum of -9 and a difference of 5 . What are the integers ?
The sum of two numbers is -52 . The first number minus the second is -30 . find the numbers
The sum of two numbers is -16 . The difference of the same numbers is 8 . Find the numbers .
Find 3 consecutive numbers such that twice the smallest is 23 more than the largest .
Find three consecutive integers such that three times the smallest is 14 more than the largest .
if the sum of five consecutive integers is 60 , find the value of the largest integer .
The sum of 5 consecutive integers is 1,000 . What is the value of the greatest of these integers ?
What is the greatest of 5 consecutive integers if the sum of these integers equals 185 ?
if the sum of five consecutive positive integers is 2005 , then what is the largest of these numbers?
The greatest of two consecutive integers is ten greater than twice the lesser . find the integers
the greater of two consecutive integers is 20 more than twice the smaller . find the integers
the larger of two consecutive integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller . find the integers . make and solve an equation
the greater of two consecutive odd integers is 7 greater than twice the lesser . Find the integers .
the larger of the two consecutive integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller . Find the integers
Find two consecutive integers such that the greater of the two is 20 more than twice the smaller .
The sum of four consecutive integers is 54 . What is the LARGEST of these integers ?
the sum of four consecutive integers is 250 , what is the greatest of these integers
If five is added to the sum of twice a number and three times the number , the result is 25 . Find the number
Eleven more than five times a number is equal to the difference between 227 and four times the number . Find the number .
4 times a number and 5 times the same number added to 75 gives 156 . Find the number ?
The Sum of three consecutive integers is 234 . The smallest integer among the three integers is ?
Find two consecutive odd integers such that when twice the second is subtracted from four times the first , the result is -6
Four times the lesser of two consecutive even integers is 12 less than twice the greater number . Find the integers .
find two consecutive even integers such that twice the smaller is 26 less than three times the larger
Two times the least of three consecutive odd integers exceeds three times the greatest by 15 . What are the integers ?
The sum of four consecutive integers is 122 . What are the integers ?
The total number of medals won by athletes in each of the countries A , B , C , and D are four consecutive integers whose sum is 50 . Find the number of metals for each country
what are four consecutive integers whose sum is 234 ?
The sum of two consecutive integers is -287 . Find the larger integer .
the sum of two consecutive integers is -277 . what is the larger integer
the sum of two consecutive integers is -223 . Find the larger integer
the sum of a number and 0.4 of itself is 56 . what is the number ?
When 60 % of a number is added to the number , the result is 192 . What is the number ?
What three consecutive integers have a sum of -186 ?
Find five consecutive odd numbers that have a sum of 65 .
find the sum of the first 100 odd numbers ?
What is the sum of the first 85 consecutive odd numbers ?
two consecutive odd integers , the sum of three times the smaller and the larger is fourteen
Find two consecutive odd integers such that the larger , added to eight times the smaller , equals 119 .
If f(x) = x + 3, find the value of x if f(x) = 23.
Find two consecutive even integers such that eight times the first equals seven times the second .
Find two consecutive even integers such that nine times the smaller is equal to twelve times the larger .
the sum of three consecutive odd number is 87 . find the first number
The sum of 3 consecutive odd integers is 27 . find the smallest of these integers .
If x is an odd number and the sum of x and two consecutive odd numbers after x is 57 , find the value of x.
if the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added , the result is 87 less than five times the second integer . find the third integer
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added , the result is 81 less than five times the second integer . Find the third integers .
One number is 1 more than another doubled . If their difference is 10 , find the numbers .
the difference between 2 numbers is 34 . the larger number is 4 more than 3 times the smaller number . What 're the numbers ?
The difference between two numbers is 19 . The first number is one more than twice the second number . Find the two numbers ?
If you begin with an even integer and count by two , you are counting consecutive even integers . Write and solve an equation to find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 50 .
the sum of two even integers is 194 . what are they ?
find two consecutive even integers whose sum is 90 .
find two consecutive even integers whose sum equals 42 .
How do I find 2 consecutive even integers whose sum is 26 ?
the sum of two consecutive even numbers is 30 . what are the numbers ?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 50 . What are the integers ?
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 86 . Find the larger number .
if three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger , the result is 130 . find the smaller integer .
If three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger the result is 137 . Find the smaller integer
three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger , the result is 67 . find the smaller integer .
If three times the smaller of two consecutive integers is added to four times the larger , the result is 137 . Find the smaller integer
twice a number decreased by 7 , gives 45 . find the number
If the product of a number and 4 is decreased by 10 , the result is 50 . Find the number
420 is subtracted from the product of a number and 12 . This difference is equal to 960 . What is the number ?
how do you write find a number such that seven less than twice the number is 43 as an equation ??
if 5 is decreased by 3 times a number , the result is -4
If a number is doubled and the result decreased by 35 , the result is 25 . What is the Number ?
The sum of two times one number and three times another is 29 . The difference between twice the first and the second is 1 . Solve algebraically to find the numbers .
if the larger of two numbers is subtracted from 6 times the smaller , the result is 20 . if twice the larger number is added to 4 times the smaller , the result is 56 . find the numbers
The sum of twice a first number and five times a second number is 111 . If the second number is subtracted from five times the first number the result is 21 . Find the numbers
find the ratio of 28 days to 4 weeks .
what is the reciprocal of 0.8 .
what is the answer to 30 divided by 8 as a fraction ?
Find the integers . Five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and fifth are one less than three times the fourth integer .
there are 3 consecutive integers . the sum of the first two integers is 16 more than the third . Find integers
find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first and second is 7 more than the third .
find three consecutive odd numbers such that the sum of the last two bigger numbers is 85 more than the first .
Find Three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the last two is 85 more than the first .
The sum of four consecutive even integers equals seven times the greatest of the integers . Find the integers .
The sum of 4 consecutive even integer equals 7 times the greatest of the integers . Find the integers .
The smaller of two consecutive even integers is five more than one half of the greater .
the smaller of two consecutive even integer is five more than one half of the greater .
the greater of two numbers is 9 more than the smaller . if the smaller is added to twice the greater the result is 22 . find both numbers
The sum of 2 numbers is 25 . 12 less than 4 times one of the numbers is 16 more than twice the other number . Find both numbers .
the sum of two numbers is 25 . 12 less than four times one of the numbers is 16 more than twice the other number
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 40 more than the smallest . What are the integers ?
find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first , twice the second , and three times the third is 94
The second of two numbers is 5 times the first . Their sum is 42 . Find the Numbers .
One number is 9 times another . Their sum is 100 . Find the numbers .
the first of two numbers is 3 times the second . Their sum is 88 . Find the numbers .
One number is three times another number . Their sum is 84 . Find both numbers .
One number is two times another number . The sum of the numbers is 90 . What are the two numbers
One number is twice as large as a second number . If the sum of the two numbers is 114 , what are the two numbers ?
Find two numbers whose sum is 32 and such that one is 3 times as large as the other ?
one number is 0.9 of another number . there sum is 0.038 . find each number .
Find twos numbers whos sum is 48 and such that one is 3 times as large as the other ?
Find two numbers whos sum is 33 and one of the numbers is two times larger than the other ?
Find two numbers whose sum is 27 and such that one is 2 times as large as the other .
Three times the first of three consecutive odd integers is 3 more than twice the third . What is the third integer ?
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is 85 less than four times the first . What is the first integer
the sum of 3 consecutive odd integers is 85 less than 4 times the first . what is the first integer ?
The sum of the least and greatest of three consecutive integers is equal to 35 plus the middle integer , what are the integers ?
four times the certain number , minus 5 , is equal to 7 more than twice the number . What is the number ?
the sum of four times a number and three is the same as the difference of twice the number and eleven . Find the number .
if 2 is subtracted from four times a number , the result is 3 more than six times the number . find the number
ten more than 6 times a number is 4 less than 4 times the number . Determine the number .
Three times a number , increased by 32 , has the same value as four times the number , decreased by 15 . Find the number .
5 less than triple a number is nine more than twice a number . Find the number ?
The sum of the largest and smallest of three consecutive even numbers is 68 . What are the three numbers ?
four consecutive integers such that the sum of the first three integers equal to the fourth . what are the integers ?
The sum of three numbers is 134 . The second number is 9 less than 3 times the first number . The third number is 5 more than 2 times the first number . Find the three numbers
The sum of three numbers is 123 . The second number is 9 less than two times the first number . The third number is 6 more than three times the first number . Find the three numbers .
The sum of three numbers is 137 . The second number is 4 more than two times the first number . The third number is 5 less than three times the first number . Find the three numbers .
Three times the sum of five and a number is 48 . Find the number .
add 3 to a number then double the result . if the total is 22 find the number
The product of 8 and the sum of 4 and a number is 112 . What is the number ?
Three times the sum of a number and five gives a result of 21 . Find the number ?
find 3 consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the second and three times the third is 5 less that six times the first
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of twice the second and three times the third is five less than six times the first .
The sum of 3 integers is 251 . The sum of the 1st and 2nd integers exceeds the 3rd by 45 . The 3rd integer is 42 less than the 1st . Find the 3 integers
The sum of three integers is 69 . The sum of the first an second integers exceeds the third by 93 . The third integer is 10 less than the first . Find the three integers .
when 23 is added to 4 times a certain number the answer is 11 . Find this number
if 25 is added to three times of a number 52 is obtained . find the number .
if 6 times a number is added to 8 , the result is 56 . What is the number
The difference of 10 and the product of 6 and n is 21 .
three more than the product of a number and 4 is 15 . Find the number .
three less than twice what number is -7 ?
the sum of 3 times a number and 17 is 5 . what is the number ?
If you double a number and then add 32 , the result is 80 . What is the number ?
Two less than the product of a number and -5 is -42 ? What is the number ?
one is twice another number . When the larger number is diminished by 10 , the result is two greater than the smaller . Find the numbers .
Five times some number is 10 less than the number . What is the number ?
Two more than twice a number is equal to the number itself . Find the number .
The sum of two numbers is 1457 . Four times the first number minus twice the second number is 8 . Find the larger number .
The sum of two numbers is 3 and twice the larger number is 36 more than three times the smaller number.What is the larger number ?
twice the first of three consecutive even integers minus the third equals 36 . Find the three integers .
three times the largest of three consecutive odd integers is three less than twice the sum of the other two integers . find the integers .
What are three consecutive odd integers so that five times the middle integer is nine more than twice the sum of the first and third integers ?
find three consecutive odd integers such that three times the smallest equals the sum of the other two integers decreased by 1 ?
The smallest of three consecutive even integers is 4 less than 5 times the largest . Find the integers .
Three consecutive even integers are such that the difference of the smallest integer and twice the largest integer is 10 . Find the three integers .
the larger of two consecutive odd integers is 7 greater than twice the smaller . Find the integers
the sum of five consecutive integers is 0 . find the integers ?
find three consecutive even integers , such that the sum of the second and third number is 20 more than the first .
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the second and third integers is 30 more than the first integer .
for two consecutive even integers , the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 58
Find two consecutive even integers such that the smaller added to three times the larger give a sum of 30 .
Find two consecutive even integers such that the smaller added to five times the larger gives a sum of 46 .
The sum of two numbers is 58 and their difference is 4 . Which is the greater of the two numbers ?
The Sum of two consecutive even integers in 118 . What is the 2nd number ?
One number is 9 less than the other . The sum of the two numbers is 41 . Find the smaller integer .
One number is 4 more than another , and their sum is 60 . What is the smaller number ?
Find the larger of two consecutive integers if the larger is 149 less than twice the smaller .
The sum of two numbers is 42 . One number plus 2 times the other number is 57 . What are the numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 24 and the sum of the first number and twice the second is 34 . Find the numbers .
Three consecutive integers such that the sum of the first , twice the second and three times the third is 80 . What are the integers ?
The sum of three consecutive integers is 78 . Find the numbers .
The sum of three consecutive integers is 468 . find the numbers .
Find three consecutive integers such that twice the least integer is 12 more than the greatest integer .
find three consecutive integers . The largest integer added to twelve equals twice the smaller integer
Find three consecutive numbers such that twice the smallest number is 23 more than the largest .
Find three consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the first and third is twelve more than twice the second .
The sum of four consecutive even integers is 220 . Find all four numbers .
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is -72 . What is the larger integer ?
Two consecutive odd integers have a sum of 48 . What is the largest of the two integers ?
find 3 consecutive even integers such that three times the first equals the sum of the other two
find the 3 consecutive even integers such that 3 times the first equal the sum of the other 2 .
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of three times the first , and twice the third is twenty less than six times the second .
three consecutive even integers whose sum is 264 . what is the second number ?
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 135 . Find the largest odd number ?
3 Rosenberg sisters ages are consecutive odd integers . if the sum of their ages is 231 , how old is oldest sister
4 times an integer is 9 more than 3 times the next consecutive integer . What are the two integers ?
the difference of two integers is 9 . five times the smaller is 9 more than three times the larger . find the integers .
find the 3 consecutive integers such that one half of their sum is 90 .
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the smallest and twice the second is 20 more than the third .
The sum of the three smallest of four consecutive integers is 30 more than the largest integer . What are the four consecutive integers ?
The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 360 . find the largest of the four odd integers
The sum of 4 consecutive odd numbers is 336 . What is the second number in this sequence ?
Find two consecutive integers such that three times the first equals twice the second .
the sum of twice and thrice of a number is 75 . find the number .
If six times an integer is added to four times the same integer , the results is 90 . What is the integer ?
when a number is divided by 4 and has 12 subtracted from it , the result is 0.16666666 of the number . what is the number ?
Find the number such that its third is greater than its fifth by 16 .
There are 3 consecutive odd integers . Three times the largest is seven times the smallest . What are the integers ?
There are three consecutive odd integers . Three times the largest is seven times the smallest . What are the integers ?
The difference between six times a number and 9 is equal to five times the sum of the number and 2 . find the number
if the sum of a number and seven is tripled , the result is two less than twice the number . find the number ?
the sum of two times a number and eight is equal to three times the difference between the number and four . What 's the number ?
twice the sum of a number and sixteen is five less than three times the number?find the number ?
The sum of Two numbers is 39 . Twice the first number and plus 3 times the second number is 101 . What are the numbers ?
a number is 7 less than another . if 4 times the smaller number plus twice the larger is 46 , find the two numbers ?
One number is 15 more than the other . The sum of twice the larger and 3 times the smaller is 182 . Find the numbers .
The first number is 5 less than the second number . Four times the first number plus five times the second number is 74 . Find the numbers .
One number is 12 more than another number . The sum of twice the larger number and three times the smaller number is 64 . Find the numbers .
The difference of two integers is 9 . Five times the smaller is 7 more than three times the larger . Find the numbers .
Two numbers differ by 3 . Four times the lesser diminished by three times the greater is 7 . Find the numbers .
one number is 9 more than the other number . The difference of seven times the smaller number and two times the larger is 157 . What are the numbers ?
one number is 4 less than another . the difference of twice the smaller and 5 times the larger number is -11 . What are the numbers ?
One number is 6 less than a second number . Twice the second number is 48 more than 5 times the first . Find the two numbers
one number is six more than another number . The sum of the larger number and twice the smaller number is 12 . Find the numbers .
One number is 8 more then another number . If the sum of the smaller number and twice the larger number is 46 , find the two numbers .
one number is 8 more than another . if the sum of the smaller number and twice the larger number is 46 , find the two numbers .
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is 144 . Find the integers .
twice the larger of two numbers is three more than five times the smaller and the sum of four times the larger and three times the smaller is 71 . What are the numbers ?
find two numbers such that five times the larger plus three times the smaller is 47 and four times the larger minus twice the smaller is 20 .
Twice the sum of two numbers is 1236 . Twice the difference of those same two numbers is 680 . What are those two numbers ?
if 240 divided by 3 equals x divided by 5 whats the value of x ?
Given that 7 divided by 2 = x divided by 8 , find the value of x
The second of three numbers is 1 less than the first . The third number is 5 less than the second . If the first number is twice as large as the third , Find the three numbers .
The second of 3 numbers is 1 less than the first . the 3rd number is 5 less than the second . if the first number is twice as large as the 3rd , find the 3 numbers .
The second of three numbers is one less than the first . The third number is five less than the second . If the first number is twice the size of the third , find the three numbers .
twice the sum of a number and 3 is the same as 1 subtracted from the number . Find the number
Eight times the sum of a number and -2 is the same as nine times the number . Find the number .
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is the same as five times the greatest of these integers . what are the integers ?
The sum of two numbers is 6 less than twice the first number . Their difference is 10 less than four times the second number . Find each of the numbers
the sum of 2 numbers is 15 less than twice the first number . their difference is 5 less than twice the second number . find each of the numbers
20 % of the number is 3 . Find the number ?
15 is 25 % of what number ?
36 is 60 % of what number ?
Twice the difference of a number and 3 is equal to three times the sum of the number and 5 . What is the number ?
Four times the difference of a number and one is equal to six times the sum of the number and three . Find the number .
If 6 is added to a number , the result exceeds two times the number by 1 . What is the number
16 more than a number is 20 more than twice the number .
when 4 is added to 5 times a number , the number increases by 50 . Find the number .
the second of three numbers is 8 more than the first , and the third number is 3 less than 3 times the first . if the third number is 15 more than the second , find the three numbers .
Find four consecutive integers such that twice the first subtracted from the sum of the other three integers is sixteen .
Find four consecutive integers such that twice the first subtracted from the sum of the other three is 16 .
Find a number that is 96 greater than its opposite .
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 12 . The number formed by interchanging the digits is 54 more than the original number . Find the original number and its reversal .
One number is 17 more than another . If the greater number is increased by 3 , the result is 5 times the smaller . What are the numbers ?
The difference of two numbers is 67 . The larger number is three less than six times the smaller number . Find the numbers .
the sum of a number and three times that number is 720 . what is the number
The sum of a number and seven times the number is 112 . What is the number ?
What number , when added to the number three or multiplied to the three , gives the same result ?
What is the sum of the first 500 odd numbers ?
If .4 % of a quantity is 2.4 , find the total quantity .
What percentage of 306,000 equals 8,200 ?
4 % of what number is 34 ?
30 is 75 % of what number ?
what percent of 54 is 135 ?
56 is 75 % of what number ?
if 18 % of a number Z is 54 Find the value of Z.
35 % of what number is 70 ?
I have the number 640 and the number 80 . I need to figure out what percentage 80 is of 640 .
When the number w is multiplyed by 4 , the result is the same as when 4 is added to w.What is the value of 3w ?
When the number w is multiplied by 4 , the result is the same as when 4 is added to w . What is the value of 3w ?
if 4 less than 3 times a certain number is 2 more than the number , what is the number
when twice a number is decreased by 8 , the result is the number increased by 7 . find the number ?
3 less than 5 times a number is 11 more than the number ? Find the number .
What is 0.55555555 times 36 ?
what number is 5 sixths of 100 ?
What is the sum of the consecutive integers from 10 to 20 (inclusive)?
If every number between 1 and 365 were added together , what would the total be ?
how many 3 digit even numbers can be made using the digits 1,2,3,4,6,7 , if no digit is repeated ?
How many 3 digit numbers can you make using the digits 1,2,3 , and 4 if the hundreds digit is prime and repetition of a digit is not permitted ?
What is the sum of the arithmetic sequence 152 , 138 , 124 , , if there are 24 terms ?
what percent of 50 is 6 ?
What percent of 80 is 50 ?
The sum of 3 consecutive EVEN integers is 174 . What is the first integer ?
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 72 . What are the smallest of these numbers ?
3 times the first of three consecutive numbers is 4 more than 2 times the second . Find the numbers .
what is 8 % of 2,000 .
what 's 8 % of 5.00 ?
Find three consecutive integers with a sum of 267 .
the sum of three cosecutive integers is 96 . find them .
the sum of 3 consecutive numbers is 753 . what are these numbers .
The sum of three consecutive numbers is 72 , find the three numbers ?
Find two numbers whose sum is 62 and whose difference is 6 .
the sum of two numbers is 68 . their difference is 16 . what are the numbers ?
the sum of two numbers is 97 . the difference of the two numbers is 57 . find the two numbers
the sum of two numbers is 18 . their difference is 22 . what are the numbers ?
i have two numbers . the sum is 36 and the difference is 9 . what are the two numbers ?
The sum of 2 integers is 36 . The difference of the same 2 numbers is 4 . Find the integers .
The difference of two numbers is 9 and their sum is 37 . what are the numbers ?
The difference between two numbers is 24 . Find the numbers if their sum is 88 .
A number is 12 less than another . The sum of the numbers is 28 . find the Numbers .
If the first and third of three consecutive even integers are added , the result is 12 less than three times the second integer . find the integers .
The sum of three consecutive odd integers is -273 . What are the integers ?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is -117 . what are the three integer ?
what three consecutive odd integers have a sum of -75 ?
The sum of two numbers is 64 . If twice the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number , the result is 16 . Find the two numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 91 . The larger number is 1 more than 4 times the smaller number . Find the numbers .
Three times the sum of three consecutive integers x , x + 1 , and x + 2 , is 72 . What are the integers ?
2 more than 6 times a number is 20 more than 3 times the number . Find the number .
Fifteen more than four times a number is 6 more than five times the number . what 's the value of the number ?
5 less than 6 times a whole number is 9 less than 8 times that number . Find the number .
a no . has two digits whose sum is 14 . if 36 is added to the no. , its digits are interchanged . find the no .
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 8 . When the digits are reversed , the number is increased by 36 . Find the number .
the sum of the digits of a two digit number is 15 . if the digits are interchanged the result exceeds the original number by 9 . find the number .
The sum of two numbers is 42 . one number is 3 less than 4 times the other number . what are the numbers ?
One number is 3 less than twice another number . If the sum of the numbers is 330 , find the two numbers .
Find three consecutive even integers such that twice the sum of the second and the third exceeds three times the first by 34 .
The sum of two integers is 10 . Three times the larger integer is three less than eight times the smaller integer . Find the integers .
the sum of two consecutive integers is 185 . Find the 2 integers .
the sum of two consecutive odd integers is 40 . find the numbers
Find two consecutive integers such that 3 times the first integer plus 2 times the second integer is equal to 107 .
Find two consecutive whole numbers such that 5 times the smaller number added by 3 times the greater number makes 59
The greater of two consecutive even integers is 14 less than three times the smaller integer . Find the integers .
Find three consecutive numbers whose sum is 72 .
The sum of three consecutive integers is 144 . find the integers .
The sum of three consecutive whole numbers is 24 . What are the integers ?
Three consecutive integers have the sum of 153 . What is the second integer ?
The sum of three consecutive even integers is 480 . Find the three integers
THE SUM OF 3 CONSECUTIVE ODD NUMBERS IS 249 . FIND THE INTEGERS
0.333333 of a number is 5 less than half of the same number . what is the number ?
twice a number is 60 more than five times the number . what is that number ?
five times a number is ten more than three times the number . Find the number .
I think of a number multiply it by 8 then subtract 66 . The result is twice the number that i was thinking .
eight times a number equals 24 more than two times the number . What is the number ?
the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 279 . what are the integers ?
3 consecutive odd integers with the sum of 237 .
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 357 . What are the three numbers ?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of five times the first , six times the second and seven times the third is 148
find the value of y to make this a arithmetic sequencey +8 , 4y +6 , 3y
what are two consecutive odd integers whose sum is -116 ?
Find two consecutive even integers such that the sum of twice the smaller integer plus the larger is 344 .
The larger of two numbers is four times the smaller . If their difference is eighteen , find the numbers .
Find three consecutive odd integers such that twice the first , decreased by the second is 35 .
one number is three times another number and their sum is 164 . find the number ?
The sum of two numbers is 574 . One number is six times the other . Find the larger number .
Three times the smallest of three consecutive even integers is two more than twice the largest . Find the integers .
The difference between two numbers is 8 . Five times the larger number is 4 more than 8 time the other . Find the numbers ?
If the sum of three consecutive odd integers is 69 , what is the third of the three odd integers
The sum of two consecutive odd integer is 29 more than the next odd integer . Find the three integers in increasing order .
Find 3 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and 43 .
Find Three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and third equals the sum of the second and 31 .
For two consecutive integers , the sum of the smaller and twice the larger is 29 . Find the smaller integer
Find two consecutive odd integers such that twice the greater is 17 more than the lesser .
Four times an integer is 30 less than five times the next consecutive integer . Find the integers .
The sum of two numbers is -63 . The first number minus the second is -41 . Find the numbers
one number is 11 less than the other number . If their sum is -9 , find the two numbers .
The sum of four consecutive integers is 50 . What is the largest of these integers ?
Eighty , decreased by three times a number , is the same as five times the number , increased by eight . Find the number .
If you have five consecutive integers such that the even integers add up to 48 what is the smallest odd integer ?
Four times the smaller of two consecutive odd integers is the same as 73 less than 5 times the larger . Find the integers .
Find two consecutive whole numbers such that 0.75 of the first number is 5 more than 0.5 the second number .
find two consecutive whole numbers , where 0.75 of the first number is 5 more than 0.5 the second number ? Let n represent the first number , and n + 1 the second number ?
four more than the opposite of n equals 6 . what is n ?
Find two consecutive even integers such that six times the first integer equals four times the second integer .
if the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added , the result is 63 less than five times the second integer . Find the third integer .
If the first and third of three consecutive odd integers are added , the result is 57 less than five times the second integer . Find the third integer .
If the first and third of 3 consecutive odd integers are added , the result is 57 less than 5 times the second integer . Find the 3rd integer .
The sum of two consecutive even integers is 62 . Find the larger number .
Find five consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the fifth is one less than three times the fourth .
find 2 consecutive even integers such that eleven more than half the second integer results in the first integer .
There are three consecutive odd integers , such that three times the first , minus two times the second , plus 13 , equals negative three times the sum of the first and the third . What is the first integer ?
the sum of 3 consecutives odd integers is 40 more than the smallest . What are the integers ?
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first integer twice the second integer and three times the third is 70 ?
the sum of two numbers is 120 . if the larger number is 4 times the smaller number , find the two numbers ?
a number is twice another number . if their sum is 48 find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 42 . One number is 2 times as large as the other . What are the numbers ?
Three times the first of three consecutive odd integers is 3 more than twice the third . Find the third integer ? A 9 B 11 C 13 D 15
Find three consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the least integer and the greatest integer is 13 more than the middle integer .
Nine more than four times a number is the same as one less than twice the number . Find the number .
The sum of two consecutive integers is -21 . Find the two integers
the sum of two consecutive integers is -71 . what are those integers
The sum of 3 numbers is 137 . The second number is 4 more than 2 times the first number . The third is 5 less than three times the first number . Find the 3 numbers
Twice the sum of a number and 8 is 40 . Find the number
The sum of three integers is 61 . The sum of the first and second exceeds the third by 71 . The third integer is 36 less than the first . Find the three integers .
One number is twice another number . When the larger is diminished by 10 , the result is 2 greater than the smaller . Find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is ten . Three times the larger number is three less than eight times the smaller number . What is the smaller number ?
what is twice the first of three consecutive even integers is ten more than the third . find the integers .
Twice the smallest of three consecutive even integers is four more than the largest . Find the integers .
The greater of two consecutive odd integers is eight more than three times the smaller . Find the two odd integers .
The sum of two numbers is 56 . Their difference is 22 . Find the larger number .
the sum of four consecutive odd numbers is 128 . Then the smallest number is ?
3 consecutive even integers are given by x , x +2 , and x +4 . Find these three numbers such that the sum of the first , two times the second , and three times the third is 124 .
What three consecutive even integers have a sum of 150 ?
find 3 consecutive integers such that the sum of the first two integers is nine more than the third integer .
Find three consecutive integers such that the sum of the least integer and the middle integer is 46 more than the greatest integer .
The sum of two consecutive integers is 73 . Find the smallest integer .
the sum of two consecutive numbers is 33 . what is the smaller of these numbers
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 153 . Which is the LARGEST number ?
Find three consecutive even integers such that the sum of the smallest integer and twice the second is 12 more than the third .
The sum of the three smallest of four consecutive odd integers is 30 more than the largest integer . What are the four consecutive odd integers ?
what number increased by 30 % equals 260 .
When 5 times a number is added to twice the number , the result is 10 . Find the number .
if the sum of a number and 7 is tripled , the result is 3 less than twice the number
The sum of two numbers is 40 . The sum of twice the larger and 4 times the smaller is 108 . Find the numbers .
One number is 5 more than another number . Three times the first plus twice the second is 30 . Find the numbers .
The difference between two numbers is 18 . Twice the smaller number plus three times the larger is 74 . What are the numbers ?
The difference between two numbers is 9 . The sum of twice the larger number and three times the smaller number is 33 . Find the two numbers .
one number is 11 more than another number . Find the two numbers if three times the larger exceeds four times the smaller number by 4 .
One number is 3 less than a second number . Twice the second number is 12 less than 5 times the first . Find the two numbers .
One number is 4 less than another . If 10 times the smaller number minus 3 times the larger number is 51 , find the two numbers .
The difference of two numbers is 18 . Twice the smaller number is 56 less than three time the larger . What are the numbers ?
One number is 6 less than a second number . Twice the second number is 48 more than 5 times the first.find the 2 numbers ?
one number is 6 more than another . If the sum of the smaller number and 3 times the larger number is 34 , find the two numbers .
Three times a larger number added to 4 times a smaller number totals 24 . When twice the smaller number is subtracted from twice the larger number , the result is 2 . What are the two numbers ?
If 5 times the first number plus three times the second number equals 47 , and 10 times the first number minus 4 times the second number equals 54 , what are the numbers ?
If 4 is added to a number and the sum is doubled , the result is 18 less than the number . Find the number ?
Four times the difference of a number and six is equal to twice the number . Find the number .
I THINK OF A NUMBER IF I MULTIPLY IT BY 6 THE ANSWER WILL BE 80 . what IS the number ?
76 is 80 % of what number ?
Twice the difference of a number and 6 is equal to three times the sum of the number and 4 . Find the number .
The difference when 7 less than a number is subtracted from twice the number is 12 . What is the number
Find the five odd consecutive integers if the sum of the first and the fifth is one less than three times the fourth ?
Find 5 consecutive odd integers such that the sum of the first and the fifth is one less than 3 times the fourth .
The second of three numbers is 8 more than the first and the third number is 3 less than 3 times the first . If the third number is 15 more than the second , find the three numbers .
The difference of two numbers is 48 . The second is 8 less than 5 times the first . What are the two numbers .
the sum of the two digit number is 7 , when you reversed the number it was increased by 27 . what is the original number ?
The sum of the digits of a two digit number is 9 . If the digits are reversed , the number is increased by 45 . Find the original number .
I think of a number . I multiply the number by 5 and minus 60 . I end up with the number i started with.What is my number ?
find a number whose product with 6 is the same as its sum with 45 .
Frida is thinking of number . She adds 15 to her number and finds that the result is 4 times her number . What is her number ?
Six more than a number is 3 times the number . What is the number ?
The sum of three consecutive integers is negative 72 . Find the numbers
120 = 100 times M divided by 10 , what is the value of M ?
12 is 0.75 of what number ?
60 is 140 % of what number ?
The quotient of a number and -7 , decreased by 2 , is 10 . Find the number .
Nine less than the quotient of a number and 3 is 18 . Find the number .
What number is 17 % of 200 .
a number when increased by 40 % becomes 42 . what is the number ?
what number increased by 30 % equals 490 ?
The sum of 6 times a number (N) and (4) is -30, what is the number?
What is the sum of the arithmetic sequence 174 , 168 , 162 , if there are 37 terms ?
if 7 is added to a quarter of a certain number , the answer is 10 . what is the number ?
Find the 3 consecutive integers with the sum of 267 .
3 times a number is 7 more than twice the number. What is the number ?
Juniors boat will go 15 miles per hour in still water . If he can go 12 miles downstream in the same amount of time as it takes to go 9 miles upstream , then what is the speed of the current .
A theater sells adult tickets for $ 8 and children 's tickets for $ 5 . If a total of $ 236 was taken in on sales of 34 total tickets , then how many adult tickets were sold ?
The sum of the ages of a brother and sister is 27 . If four times the brother 's age is subtracted from three times the sister 's age , the difference is 11 .
the sum of a two-digit number is 9 . the number with the digits interchanged is 6 times the sum of the digits . find the original number
The difference between two numbers is 36 . The sum of these numbers is 62 . Find the numbers .
Mike invested $ 6000 for one year . He invested part of it at 9 % and the rest at 11 % . At the end of the year he earned $ 624 in interest . How much did he invest at each rate ?
One pan pizza and two cheesburgers provide 2860 calories . Two pan pizzas and one cheeseburger provide 2990 calories . Find the caloric content of each item .
A number added to 6 is equal to 30 less than four times the number . what is the number .
A car radiator has a 6-liter capacity . If the liquid in the radiators 40 % antifreeze , how much liquid must be replaced with 100 % antifreeze to bring the mixture up to a 50 % solutions ?
How much 1 % boric acid solution and 5 % boric acid solution are needed to make 30 mL of 3 % boric acid solution ?
The sum of two numbers is 2 . If the larger number is 14 more than three times the smaller , find the larger number .
the sum of two numbers is 13 . one number is 1 more than twice the other . find the smallest number .
the sum of two numbers is 81 the differance of the same two numbers is 9 . What are the two numbers ?
The sum of two number is 17 . The second number is three times as much as the first number . What are the two numbers ?
Two numbers have a sum of 47 their difference is 5 . what are the two numbers ?
One solution contains 10 % alcohol while another contains 30 % alcohol . How many liters of each should be mixed to give 10 L of a solution which is 25 % alcohol ?
the sum of two numbers is 140 and their difference is 16 . find the numbers
If the price of copper is 65 cents/lb and the price of zinc is 30 cents/lb , how many pounds of copper and zinc should be mixed to make 70lb of brass selling for 45 cents per pound ?
two numbers differ by 10 . The larger number is 6 less than twice the smaller number . Find the numbers .
508 exceeds six times a number by 70 . What is the number ?
In a 2-digit number , the units digit is 4 more than the tens digit . If the digits are reversed the new number is 6 more than thrice the original number . find the original number
One number is 3 more than 2 times the other , and their sum is 27 . what are the numbers .
eight times a number plus five times another number is -13 . the sum of the two numbers is 1 . what are the numbers .
If the larger of two integers , whose sum is 88 , is divided by the smaller , the quotient is 5 and the remainder is 10 . What are the numbers ?
Adult tickets for a play cost $ 16 and child tickets cost $ 9 . If there were 24 people at a performance and the theater collected $ 258 from ticket sales , how many children attended the play ?
How much 20 % anti-freeze should be mixed with 60 % anti-freeze to get 10 liters of 28 % anti-freeze ?
One number is 4 more than twice the second number . Their total is 25 . Find the numbers .
the sum of a certain number and a second number is -42 . the first number minus the second is 52 . find the numbers .
When you reverse the digits in a certain two digit number you decrease its value by 27 . What is the number if the sum of its digits is 5 ?
One whole number is three times a second . if 20 is added to the smaller number , the result equals 6 more than the larger number . Find both numbers .
the sum of 2 numbers is 55 and one number is 9 less then the other .
How many grams of salt need to be added to 60 grams of a 20 % salt solution in order to increase the salt content to 25 % ?
The sum of two numbers is 70 . One number is ten more than twice the other number .
Two-thirds of a number increased by three-fourth is five-third , what is the number ?
Three times one number added to another is 14 . Twice the first number , minus the other number is 1 . What are the numbers
how many quarts of pure antifreeze must be added to 4 quarts of a 10 % antifreeze solution to obtain a 20 % antifreeze solution ?
The sum of two numbers is 89 . Adding four times the first number to the second number gives 155 . Which one of the follwoing equaitons expresses this problem algebraically ?
If 6 kilos of oranges and 5 kilos of apples cost 419 while 5 kilos of oranges and 7 kilos of apples cost 488 , what is the cost of each per kilo ?
The difference between two numbers is 16 . Three times the larger number is 9 times the smaller . What are the numbers ?
three times a number , increased by four , is one half the same number , decreased by one . What is the number ?
two times a number plus three times another number equals 13 . the sum of the two numbers is 7 . what are the two numbers ?
You have a 20 % solution and a 70 % solution . How many liters of each solution do you need to mix when you need 200 liters of a 50 % alcohol solution .
A cruise boat travels 60 miles downstream in 3 hours and returns to its starting point upstream in 12 hours . Find the speed of the stream .
if the sum of 2 numbers is 107 and the difference is 17 find the number
a number is 8 times the sum of its digits . the tens digits is 5 greater than the units digit . find the number .
The greater of two numbers is 5 less than twice the lesser number . The sum of the two numbers is 28 . What are the numbers ?
The larger of two numbers is 2 more than 4 times the other . Their sum is 33 . Find the two numbers .
the sum of two number is 15 . three times one number is 11 less than five times the other . find the numbers .
HOW MANY LITERS OF A 20 % SALT SOLUTION MUST BE ADDED TO 8 LITERS OF A 5 % SALT SOLUTION TO YIELD AN ALLOY THAT IS A 10 % SALT SOLUTION ?
14 less than three times a number is equal to the number . What is the number ?
the sum of two numbers is 56 . One-third of the first number plus one-fourth of the second number is 16 . find the numbers .
One number is four more than a second number . Two times the first number is 12 more than four times the second number .
The sum of three times a first number and twice a second number is 8 . If the second number is subtracted from twice the first number , the result if 3 . Find the numbers .
nineteen more than four times a number is equal to the difference between 166 and three times the number . find the number ?
One number is 4 more than three times a smaller number . If twice the larger number is decreased by three times the smaller number , the result is 32 .
A plane can fly 340 mph in still air . If it can fly 200 miles downwind in the same amount of time it can fly 140 miles upwind , find the velocity of the wind .
How many liters each of a 15 % antifreeze solution and a 30 % antifreeze solution must be mixed to make 6 liters of a 20 % antifreeze solution ?
One number is four times another number , if their sum is 95 , what are the numbers ?
Joe traveled against the wind in a small plane for 3 hr . The return trip with the the wind took 2.8 hr . Find the speed of the wind if the speed of the plane is still air is 180 mph .
A cyclist can travel 29.6 miles in 2 hours . At this rate , how far can the same cyclist travel in 0.75 hour ?
the sum of two numbers is 42 . One number plus two times the other number is 57 . What are the numbers ?
the greater of two numbers is 5 more than the smaller . if the smaller is added to twice the greater , the result is 22 . find both of the numbers .
How many pints of a 5 % antifreeze solution and how many pints of a 20 % antifreeze solution must be mixed to obtain 12 pints of a 15 % solution ?
A silversmith has two alloys , one containing 70 % silver and the other 40 % silver . How much of each should be melted and combined to obtain 400 grams of an alloy containing 61 % silver ?
the sum of two numbers is 25 . One number is twice the second plus seven . What are the two numbers
A 6-passenger plane cruises at 180 mph in calm air . If the plane files 7 miles with the wind in the same smount of time as it flies 5 miles against the wind , then what is the wind speed ?
one number is 5 times another the sum of the number is 96 what are the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 18 . The sum of 3 times the smaller number and 4 times the larger number is 56 . What are the numbers ?
one number is two more than a second number , twice the first is four less than three times the second .
eight less than three times a number is equal to the sum of the number and four . What is the number
A pipe can fill a tank in 30 minutes and another pipe can make empty the tank in 45 minutes . How much time it takes to empty the tank if both are working together .
When 80 % of a number is added to the number , the result is 252 . What is the number ?
Two tanks hold a total of 54 gallons of a toxic solvent . One tank holds 9 gallons more than twice the amount in the other . How many gallons does each tank hold ?
I add 9 to a certain number and divide the sum by 16 . If my final answer is 1 , what is the number ?
a number when multiplied by 4 is 33 more than itself . Find the number .
Donna invested her $ 33,000 bonus and received a total of $ 970 in interest after one year . If part of the money returned 4 % and the remainder 2.25 % , then how much did she invest at each rate ?
The sum of two numbers is 43 . The difference of the same two numbers is 12 . What are the two numbers ?
Two cars leave town at the sime time traveling in opposite dirrections . One travels 70 mi/h and the other 55 mi/h . In how many hours will they be 250 miles apart ?
The larger of two numbers is 2 more than 4 times the smaller . Their sum is 67 . FIND THE numbers
one number is twice another number . If the larger is diminished by ten the result is two more than the smaller . Find the number .
The sum of two numbers is 80 . The larger number is nine less than three times the smaller . Find both numbers .
if one is five more than another and their sum is seventy-one . find the number .
A total of $ 50,000 is invested in two funds paying 8 % and 8.5 % simple interest . The annual interest is $ 4120 . How much is invested in each fund ?
Two integers have a sum of 255 . The difference of the two numbers is 45 . What are the two numbers .
A 57-foot long piece of rope is cut into two pieces so that one piece is three feet shorter than four times the other piece . Find the length of each piece .
How many ounces of pure chocolate must be added to 220 ounces of chocolate topping that is 50 % chocolate to make a topping that is 75 % chocolate ?
How much pure iodine must be added to 250 mL of 8 % iodine solution to get a 20 % iodine solution ?
If one number exceeds another number by 13 and the larger number is 1.5 times the smaller number , what is the smaller number ?
a truck traveling 45 miles a hour and a car traveling 55 miles a hour cover the same distance . The truck travels 4 hours longer than the car . How far did they travel .
Two numbers have a sum of 67 . The smaller number is 21 less than the larger number . Find the two numbers .
A and B starts running towards each other with speed of 30 m/hr and 20 miles/hr initially they are 500 miles apart when they start . After how many hr will they meet .
The sum of two numbers is 75 . The second number is 3 less than twice the first . Find the two numbers .
The difference between two numbers is 14 . The sum of the two numbers is 56 . What are the two numbers and it 's product ?
The difference of two numbers is 37 . The larger number is three less than six times the smaller number .
One number is 7 less than another . If 4 times the smaller number plus 2 times the larger number is 62 . find the two numbers .
one number is four greater than another number when three times the smaller number is added to twice the larger number the result is 43 .
It takes Sal 5 hours to paint a house . It takes Mary 3 hours to paint the same house . How long will it take to paint the house if both of them work together ?
One number is 9 more than 3 times another . If their sum is 53 , what is the smaller number ?
The sum of the digits is 9 . If the digits are reversed , the numbers is increased by 27 . Find the original no .
four years hence a boy will be twice as old as he was 6 years ago . what is his present ages ?
Jose can paint a room in two hours , juanita can paint the room in three hours , how long would it take them to paint the room working together ?
Soybean meal is 16 % protein ; cornmeal is 8 % protein . How many pounds of each should be mixed together in order to get 320-lb mixture that is 14 % protein ?
One number is seven less than another number . The sum of the numbers is thirty-three . Find the numbers .
the difference between two numbers is 10 . When eight times the smaller number is added to 40 , the result is ten less than three times the larger number . find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 45 . Twice the smaller number is three more the larger number . What is the product of the two numbers ?
How much water must be added to 90 liters of a 20 % salt solution to dilute it to a 15 % salt solution ?
piggy bank consists of nickels and dimes . there are 30 coins worth $ 1.90 , how many nickels and dimes are in the piggy bank
a chemist has one solution that is 30 % pure salt and another is 60 % pure salt . how many ounces of each solution must he use to produce 60 ounces of a solution that is 50 % pure salt ?
Jen works 7 hours a week more than Ben . Jen worked as much in 4 weeks as Ben works in 6 weeks . How many hours does each work per week ?
two integers with a difference of -11 and a sum of -3 what are the two numbers ?
One number is 6 more than the other . Their sum is 0 . What is the value of the smaller number ?
One number is 25 % of another . The larger number is 12 more than the smaller number . What are the numbers ?
the age of the father is twice the sum of the ages of his two children . after 20 years , his age will be equal to the sum of the ages of his children .
sum of two numbers is 36 . One number is 3 times the other number . What are the numbers ?
Morgan was very pleased with a 10 % improvement on her second SAT attempt . She got 1100 on her second try . What was her first score ?
The sum of two numbers is 28 . One number is 3 times as big as the other . What is the smaller number ?
A two-digit counting number has a value that is 7 times the sum of its digits . If 5 times the units ' digit is 9 more than the tens ' digit , what is the number .
the larger of two numbers is 7 more than three times the smaller number . When the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number , the result is 13 . find the two numbers .
A mother 's age is three less than 3 times her daughters age . The sum of there ages is 45 . Find their ages
The sum of two numbers is 15 . Three times one of the numbers is 11 less than five times the other.Find the numbers
On an algebra test , theh highest grade was 44 points more than the lowest grade . The sum of the two grades was 140 . Find the highest grade .
twice one number added to three times another gives 21 . find the numbers , if the difference between them is 3 .
The sum of the digits of a two digit counting number is 10 . If the digits are reversed , the new number is two less than three times the original number . What is the original number ?
A cashier has 30 bills , all of which are $ 10 or $ 20 bills . The total value of the money is $ 330 . How many of each type does the cashier have ?
Lynn Ogen invested some money at 9 % interest and $ 100 less than that at 7 % interest . Her total annual interest was $ 73 . How much did she invest at 7 % interest ?
How many liters of a 20 % alcohol solution must be mixed with 60 liters of a 70 % solution to get a 50 % solution ?
Sam does the job in 4 days that Lisa can do in 6 days that Tom can do in 2 days . How long would it take to do the job if they all worked together ?
a cyclist can travel 54.8 miles in 4 hours . How far can the same cyclist travel in 5 hours
a pipe can fill a pool in 8 hours another pipe fill in 12 hours . if both pipes are applied to fill pool than how many hours it will take ???
One number is 3/4 of another number . Their sum is 63 . Find the numbers .
How many liters each of a 15 % anrifreeze solution and a 30 % antifreeze solution must be mixed to make 6 liters of a 20 % antifreeze solution ?
One number is fourteen more than twice another . If their sum is decreased by nine , the result is eleven . Find the numbers
A liter of cream contains 9.5 percent butterfat . How much skim milk containing 5.5 percent butterfat must be added to the mixture to obtain one liter of mixture with 6.5 percent butterfat ?
How many mililiters of a 10 % HCl solution and a 30 % HCl solution should be mixed to make 200 mililiters of a 15 % HCl solution ?
The problem is one number is 2 more then 5 times another number their sum is 24 . what are the number .
Three times one number added to five times another number is 54 . The second number is two less than the first . Use a system of equations to find the numbers .
the sum of two numbers is 80 their difference is 12 . what are the numbers
The sum of two numbers equals eighteen . The total of three times the smaller and two times the larger is 44 .
the larger of two numbers is 7 more than 5 times the other . their sum is 55 . find the two numbers
the difference of twice a number and five is 89 . find the number .
One water pump can drain a lake in 9 hours . A newer model can drain the same lake in 6 hours . How long does it take for both water pumps together to drain the lake ?
One number is 3 more than twice another number . find the larger number if their sum is -15
the sum of two numbers is -11 . twice the first number minus the second is 32 . find the numbers .
In a recent election Corrine Brown received 13,356 more votes than Bill Randll . If the total number of votes was 119,626 , find the number of votes for each candidate .
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 9 . If the digits are reversed , the new number is 27 less than the original . Find the original number .
It takes you 30 minutes to rake the yard and it takes your brother 45 minutes , how long would it take for you both to rake the yard together ?
Peter delievers 110 newspapers on the weekend . He delivers 20 more papers on Sunday than on Saturday . How many papers does he deliver each day ?
The sum of two numbers is 27 . They have a difference of 3 . Set up a system of equations and use it to find the two numbers .
One integer is 2 more than 5 times another . If the difference of the two integers is 26 , what is the smaller integer ?
one number is 12 more than another . the sum of the smaller number and twice the larger number is 39 . find the larger number
if 5 is added to a number and the sum is tripled , the result is 21 more than the number . Find the number .
the sum of two numbers is 10 . one number is 4 more than twice the other number . what are the numbers ?
An old conveyor belt can move one day 's coal output in 21 hrs . A new belt can move one day 's output in 15 hrs . How long would it take them together to move one day 's coal output ?
Sum of two numbers is 125 . 5 times one number minus 3 times the other is 41 . Determine the numbers
A man is twice as old as his son . If 9 years ago the sum of their ages was 66 years , find their present ages .
My mothers age is three times my age . The sum of our ages is 40 . How old am I ? How old is my mother ?
One number is 8 less than another number . Find the numbers if three times the smaller number is six less than two times the larger number
Find the value of two numbers if their sum is 54 and the difference is 4 .
To attend the state fair one group of 10 adults and eight children paid $ 136 for their tickets another group of 17 adults and two children paid $ 150 for the tickets what is the price for each child ticket ??
THE DIFFERENCE OF TWO NUMBERS IS 88 . THE SECOND NUMBER IS 20 % OF THE FIRST NUMBER . WHAT ARE THE NUMBERS ?
The sum of two numbers is 33 . Their differeence is 7 . What are the two numbers .
from pipe a it takes 4 hours to fill the tank . from pipe b it takes 8 hours empty the tank . if the both pipes are opened how many hours to fill the tank ?
Jill is 11 kilometers away from Joe . Both begin to walk toward each other at the same time . Jill walks 2.5 km/h . They meet in 2 hours . How fast is Joe walking ?
One number is 8 less than another . If 5 times the smaller number minus 2 times the larger number is 14 , find the two numbers .
The sum of the digits of a two-digit numeral is 8 . If the digits are reversed , the new number is 18 greater than the original number . Find the original number .
the sum of two integers is 5 . their difference is 13 . find the two integers
the sum of two numbers is 39 and the difference is 15 what is the two numbers ?
The sum of two numbers is 48 . I the smaller number is subtracted from the large , the difference is 12 . Find the number ?
I have 21 coins in my wallet , all nickels and quarters . The total value of the coins is $ 3.65 , how many quarters and nickels do I have ?
The denominator of a fraction exceeds the numerator by 7 . If the numerator is increased by three and the denominator increased by 5 , the resulting fraction is equal to half . Find the original fraction .
The sum of three times a number and four times another number is negative 25 . Twice the first number subtracted by three times the second number is six . What are the two numbers ?
The number 150 was written as the sum of two numbers . The first number was divided by 27 . This quotient was added to the second number divided by 23 , and the total was 6 . What were the two numbers ?
the difference between two numbers is 22 . If the larger number is 4 more than twice the smaller . Find the numbers
The sum of two numbers is 33 . Their difference is 9 . What are the two numbers ?
A pool can be filled by one particular pipe in 10 h , whereas a different pipe requires 6 h to fill the pool . How long would it take to fill the pool with both pipes turned on ?
Tom Johnson is 1 year less than twice as old as his sister . If the sum of their ages is 14 years , then Tom 's age is ?
the sum of two numbers is 198 . if one number is 20 % more than the other number , what are the numbers ?
How much 25 % solution must be added to 42 cc of pure water to make at most 20 % salt solution ?
There are 32 coins in total . They are all dimes and quarters and add to 4.70 . How many dimes and quarters are there ?
Twice one number minus three times a second is equal to 2 and the sum of these numbers is 11 . Find the numbers .
What is the sum of two numbers is 76 . If larger is two less than 5 times the smaller .
The larger of two numbers is 2 more than the lesser . The sum of 25 times the greater number and 50 times the lesser number is 500 . What are the numbers ?
the sum of two numbers is 45 . 4 times the first number is 9 less than 5 times the second . what are the two numbers ?
the ratio of buses to bicycles is 3 to 2 respectively . if the total number of vehicles is 15 , how many are buses ?
One half of a number is 3 more than the same number . What is the number ?
A two digit counting number has a value of 8 times the sum of its digits . If 6 times the units digit is 5 more than the tens digits , what is the number ?
A machine can fill 24 boxes in 60 minutes . At this rate , how many boxes can it fill in five minutes ?
If I have a 80 ml solution that is 20 % acid by volume , how many mL should I remove and replace with pure 100 % acid to obtain a final solution of 80 ml that is 40 % acid by volume ?
A Laboratory has 60 mL of a solution that is 40 % HCl acid . How many mL of 15 % HCL acid solution should be mixed with the 60 mL of 40 % acid to obtain a solution of 25 % HCl ?
the sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 17 . When the digits are reversed , the new number is 9 more than the original number . What is the original number ?
A certain number is 3 more than another number . If their sum is 21 , find their numbers
The sum of two numbers is 23 and their difference is 5 . Find the numbers .
One integer is 2 more than another integer . The sum of the two integers is 48 . Find the smaller integer .
Grant is five times as old as Francis . One-third of the sum of their ages is equal to 32 . Find their ages .
The sum of 4 times the first number and three times the second number is 15 . The difference of three times the first number and twice the second number is 7 . Find the numbers .
How many liters of a 30 % alcohol solution do you need to mix with 50 liters of a 60 % solution to obtain a 35 % solution ?
what is the height of a triangle whose area is 4 square meters and whose base is 2.5 meters
the sum of three times one number and seven times another is 62 . the difference between the numbers is 4 . what are the numbers ?
A cruise boat travels 48 miles downstream in 3 hours and returns upstream in 6 hours . Find the rate of the stream .
The present ages of Lewis and Brown are in the ratio 1 to 2 . Three years from now , the ages will be in the ratio 3 to 5 . Find the present ages of Lewis and Brown .
A tank can be filled in 2 hours . The same tank can be emptied in 6 hours . If the faucet is on and the drain is left open , when will the tank overflow
jen is 6 years older than sue . in 4 years , she will be twice as old as sue was 5 years ago . Find their ages now
A rope is 75 ft. long and is cut into 2 pieces where one is 11 ft. long than other . Find their lengths .
a woman is 6 years older than 3 times her daughter 's age . Their ages total 46 . What are their ages ?
One number is 16 more than another . If the smaller number is subtracted from 0.66666 of the larger , the result is 0.25 of the sum of the two numbers . find the numbers
A boat can travel 45 mph in still water . If it travels 200 miles with the current in the same length of time it travels 160 against the current , what is the speed of the current ?
One number is 3 less than a second number . Twice the second number is 5 less than 3 times the first . Find the two numbers .
A boat traveled for 2 hr with a 12 mph current to reach a picnic area . the return trip against the same current took 6 hr . Find the speed of the boat in still water
The sum of 4 times joan 's age and 3 times jim 's age is 47 . Jim is 1 year less than twice as old as joan . Find each of their ages .
the sum of 2 numbers is 188 . the larger number is 24 more than 3 times the smaller . find the numbers
One number is 4 more than twice the second number . Their total is 25 . What are the 2 numbers .
one number is 5 more than another number . Four times the larger number plus 3 times the smaller is 97 . Find the numbers .
A father is 3 times as old as his son , after 15 years , the father will be twice as old as his son at that time , therefore , the fathers current age is ?
X represents a certain number , when the number is multiplied by 3 the result is as adding 34 to the number . What is the number ?
Phil is 24 years older than Will . Four years ago he was seven times as old as Will was then . Find their ages now .
Alice is 10 years less than twice as old as Bonnie . If the sum of the ages is 26 . Find the ages .
The sum of two numbers is 55 . The greater number is seventeen times the smaller number plus one . Find the numbers .
The sum of john and his father 's ages is 77 . His father is 32 more than twice as old as john . How old are john and his father ?
The sum of two numbers is 103 . The larger number is one more than five times the smaller number . Find the numbers
The difference of two numbers is 6 if one number is three times the other number , find the smallest number
Three less than 4 times a number is 325 . What is the number ?
One number is 6 more than another number . If you add 9 to 6 times the first number , the result is 7 times he second number .
If you multiply an unknown number by 6 and then add 5 , the result is 7 less than the unknown number plus 1 multiplied by 3 . Find the unknown number .
Cary is 9 years older than Dan . In 7 years their ages 93 . Find the ages of each man now .
Yoshi is 12 years older than his sister . Six years from now , the sum of their age will be 32 . Find Yoshi 's present age .
A larger number is 2 less than 5 times the smaller number . If the sum of these numbers is 94 , find the larger number .
the sum of two numbers is 36 . one number is two more than the other find the numbers
one number is greater than double another number by 15 . If their sum is 54 , find the smaller of the two numbers
the difference between 2 numbers is 96 , one number is 9 times the other . what are the numbers ?
Barb buys a dress for 10 dollars less than half the price of the dress . She saves 80 dollars . What was the original cost of the dress ?
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 14 . If 36 is subtracted from the number , the resulting number is the original number with its digits interchanged . Find the original number .
one number is eight more than twice another and their sum is 20 . what are their number ?
a number exceeds another by 14 and their sum is 70
the sum of numbers is 42 but then 6 times the first number exceeds 3 times the second number by 90 . find the number
the sum of two numbers is 90 . three times the smaller is 10 more than the larger . find the larger number .
one number is 4 less than 3 times another . Their sum is 16 . Find the smaller
Find how many quarts of 4 % butterfat milk and 1 % butterfat milk should be mixed to yield 90 quarts of 3 % butterfat milk .
a number is twelve less than five times another number.their sum is one hundred sixty-two . what are the numbers
One number is 3 less than another . If 4 times the smaller number minus 3 times the larger number is 4 , find the two numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 6 less than twice the first number . Their difference is 10 less than four times the second number .
The ratio of boys and girls in a school is 3 to 2 . When 6 more girls join , this ratio becomes 6 to 5 . Then the number of boys in the school is ?
Thirty-three pints of acid solution contain 3 pints of pure acid . Find the number of pints of pure acid that must be added to the 33 pints so that the resulting solution is 25 % pure acid .
the sum of elisa 's age and elma 's age is 20 . elisa 's age one year from now will ten times elma 's age one year ago . how old is each now .
5 years ago , my brother was exactly twice the age i was then . And in eight year 's time , the combined age of two of us will be 50 . How old do u think i am ?
when my father was 35 i was 6 . now he is twice as old as i am . how old am i ?
A sum amounting to $ 3.35 consists of quarters and dimes . If there are 23 coins in all how many are quarters ?
A train traveling 48 km/h takes 2 hours longer than the ship traveling 60 km/h to reach a given distance . What is the distance ?
The difference between two numbers is 3.2 . The sum of the numbers is 46.4 . What are the two numbers ?
I collect $ 1 and $ 2 coins until I have 275 coins and I have a total of $ 402 . How many $ 2 coins do I have ?
The difference between the ages of 2 friends is 37 years . The sum of their ages is 55 . Find the age of the older friend .
mary is 2 times as old as her sister jessie . if the sum of their ages is 18 how old are both sisters
the sum of two numbers is 52 . the sum of the smaller and 5 times the larger is 184 . find the numbers
When the digits of a two-digit number are reversed , the new number is 9 more than the original number , and the sum of the digits of the original number is 13 . What is the original number ?
One number is ten more than six times another number . If each number were multiplied by five , their difference would be 550 . What are the numbers ?
Two numbers are in the ratio 1 to 11 and their sum is 15 . Find the numbers .
Find two numbers whose sum is 143 such that when the larger number is divided by the smaller , the quotient is 3 . and the remainder is 3 . What are the numbers ?
one pipe fills a tank in 8 minutes , another pipe can fill it in 12 minutes . find the time taken to fill the tank when both pipes are running together ?
two small planes start from the same point and fly in opposite directions the first plane flying 55 mph slower than the second plane . In 2 hours planes are 510 miles apart . Find rate of slower plane
perla is now 5 times as old as Marilou . in 10 years , perla is will be 3 times as old as marilou . how old is each .
if anna can paint a house in 4 hours and joe can paint a house in 6 hours . how long will it take them to do it together ?
The units digit of a number is 4 more than the tens digit . If the digits are reversed the new number is 1 less than twice the original number .
Tom is thrice as the age of Antonette . if the sum of there age is 54 . what are their ages ?
The sum of two numbers is 104 . The larger is 1 less than twice the smaller number . Find the numbers .
The sum of 2 numbers is 61 . The numbers are 5 apart . What are they ?
find how many quarts of 6 % butterfat milk and 3 % butterfat milk should be mixed to yield 75 quarts of 5 % butter milk ?
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 11 . If the digits are reversed the new number is 7 more than twice the original number Find the original number .
The ages of A and B are in the ratio 5 to 3 . After 6 years , their will be in the ratio 7 to 5 . Then the present age of A is ?
Twenty-three less than 4 times a number is twenty-one . What is the number ?
One number is 12 more than another . The sum of the smaller number and twice the larger number is 39 . Find the larger number .
A plane flies 400 miles with the wind and 320 miles against the wind in the same length of time . If the speed of the wind is 20 mph , what is the speed of the plane in still air ?
The sum of two numbers is twelve . The total of three times the smaller number and six amounts to seven less than the product of four and the larger number . Find the two numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 60 . One number is 16 more than twice the other number .
one number is three more than another number . the quotient of the larger number divided by the smaller is 1.5 . Find the numbers .
The larger of two numbers is one less than three times the smaller . if their sum is 63 .
Three times one number minus a second is 8 , and the sum of the numbers is 12 . Find the numbers .
A water tank is currently 33.3 % full . If 3 more gallons are added the tank will be 50 % full . Find the capacity of the tank .
A cylinder contains 50 liters of a 60 % chemical solution . How much of this solution should be drained off and replaced with a 40 % solution to obtain a final strength of 46 % ?
The sum of two positive integers is 9 . Twice the first integer plus thrice the second integer is 22 . Determine the numbers
Three times one number increased by twice a second number is 29 . Four times the first less three times the second is 16 . Find the numbers
the difference between of two numbers is 67 , the larger number is three less than 6 times the smaller number .
The difference of two positive numbers is 264 . The larger is three times the smaller number . Find the two numbers .
the sum of 9 and a certain number is equal to four times the number subtracted from 40 . find the number .
An experienced bricklayer can construct a small wall in 3 hours . An apprentice can complete the job in 7 hours . Find out how long it takes if they work together .
adding together two numbers 1520 . three times the smaller is equal to two times the larger . find the two numbers
sum of two numbers is 30 . five times the smaller exceeds twice the larger by 17 . find the numbers
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 8 . If 16 is added to the original number , the result is 3 times the original number with its digits reversed . Find the original number .
find two numbers are in the ratio of 7 to 12 so that the greater number exceeds by smaller by 275 .
Two numbers have a sum of 39 . Their difference is 11 . What are the two numbers .
In 4 years , Nan will be 3 times as old as Dan will be then . The sum of their ages now is 56
The sum of two numbers is 135 . Twice the first number equals 280 minus 3 times the second number . What are the numbers ?
There are 297 children in Year 6 . For every 14 girls there are 13 boys . So , there are how many boys and how many girls in Year 6 ?
one number is 5 less than another . if 5 times the larger is subtracted form 8 times the smaller , the result is 11
My father is 4 times my age . Then the sum of our age is 70 . what is our age .
Two numbers sum to give an answer of 120 . One number is 48 greater than the other number . Find both numbers .
The Sum of two numbers is 44 . If the larger number is two less than three times the smaller number , find the number .
three times the larger of two numbers is equal to four times the smaller.the sum of the numbers is 21 . please hhelp me find the numbers .
one number is 7 more than another number . the sum of these two numbers is 101 . what are the numbers ?
The difference between two numbers is 10 . The greater number is 4 more then twice the lesser number . Find the two numbers
A two digit number is 3 times the sum of it 's digits . The number is also 45 less than the number formed by reversing the digits and the original number . What is the original number ?
One number is greater than thrice the other number by 2 . If 4 times the smaller number exceeds the greater by 5 , find the numbers
the sum of two numbers is 53 . if three times the smaller is one less than the larger , find the numbers .
one number is 5 more than twice another . the sum is 89 . what are the numbers
One number is 2 less than another . If 9 times the smaller number minus 2 times the larger number is 52 , find the two numbers .
two trains are 276 miles apart , and their speeds differ by 10 mph . they are traveling towards each other and will meet in 3 hours . find the speed of the slower train .
one number is 3 more than another . the smaller number decreased by four times the larger number is the same as 12 less than six times the larger number . What is the larger number
What is twenty more than three times a number is the same as the sum of that number and twelve ?
The tens digit of a given two-digit positive number is two more than three times the units digit . If the digits are reversed , the new number is 13 less than half the given number . Find the given integer .
the sum of two numbers is 50 . one number is 1 less than 2 times the other number .
one number is 5 more than 3 times another number , the sum of two numbers is 157 . find the bigger number
One number is two less than a second number . Twice the first is 4 more than 3 times the second . what are the numbers ?
The sum of three times first number and the second number is 86 . Two times the first number is 1 less than the second number . What are the numbers ?
One number is 4 more than another number . Find the two numbers if two times the larger number is 7 less than five times the smaller number .
The difference between two numbers is 16 . Five times the smaller is the same as 8 less than twice the larger . Find the numbers .
the sum of two number is 28 . if the second number is thrice the first , what is the second number .
The greater of two numbers is 5 less than twice the smaller . And the sum of the numbers is 52
John is now four times as old as James . In 5 years , John will be three times as old as James . Find their present ages .
Find two numbers whose sum is 63 and whose difference is 5 .
Marco is 1 year older than twice as old as Marie . How old is Marie if the sum of their ages is 37 ?
One number is 5 more than another number . If the smaller number is doubled and added to 3 times the larger number , the sum is 80 . Find the two numbers .
Suppose you hike up a hill at a rate of 4 mph . You hike back down the hill at 6 mph . The total time you spent on the hiking trip was 3 hours . How much time did it take you to hike up the hill ?
The sum of five times one number plus twice a second number is 2 . The sum of twice the first number plus the second number is 26 . what are the two numbers ?
The mother is 20 years older than the daughter . The sum of their present ages is 40 .
The difference of two numbers is 3 . Their sum is 13 . Find the numbers .
i think of a pair of numbers . if i add 7 to the first , i obtain a number which is twice the second . If i add 20 to the second , i obtain a number which is four times the first . what are the numbers ?
One number is seven more than twice another . If their sum is decreased by nine , the result is thirteen . Find the numbers .
The difference of two numbers is 16 . Three-fourths of the larger number is 14 larger than one-half of the smaller number . Find the numbers .
Susan invests 3 times as much money at 11 % as she does at 9 % . If her total interest after 1 year is $ 1680 , how much does she have invested at each rate ?
In the time it takes to fliy 360 miles with a head wind , she can only fly 240 mies against the headwind . if the speed of the plane in stll air is 150 mph , find the wind speed .
pete is 35 and his son is 9 . In how many years exactly will pete be three times olders than his son ?
if matt is 3 years less than 4 times as old as john , and the sum of both of their ages are 52 , how old are matt and john ?
The sum of two numbers is 48 and their difference is 80 . Find each ofthe number .
Six years ago , Sam was three times as old as Sue . Four years from now Sam will be twice as old as Sue will be . Find the present age of each .
a paddle boat can move at the speed of 20 km/h in still water . the boat is paddled 12 km downstream in the same time it takes to go 6 km upstream . what is the speed of the river .
If one-fourth of a certain number is added to one-fifth of the same number , the result equals the sum of 13 and one-eighth of the number . Find the number .
One number is 6 more than another . If the sum of the smaller number and 3 times the larger number is 34 , find the two numbers
Two cars travel in opposite directions from the same point . The rate of one car is 10mph less than the rate of the other car . After 8 hours , the cars are 560 miles apart . Find the rate of each car .
One number is 7 more than another . Twice the smaller added to the larger is -20 . Find the smaller number .
If 5 times a number is increased by 50 , the result is the same as when 200 is decreased by the number . Find the number .
What age is a boy now if his mother is 12 times his age and in 20 years she will be twice his age ?
The sum of the ages of a father and her daughter is 44 years . The father 's age is 4 years more than 3 times the daughter 's age . Find the ages of both .
hi please help me with this problem : The sum of two numers is -17 . If one number is one less than three times the other , find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 100 . One number is 5 less than twice the other . Find the numbers .
If a number is substracted from five more than twice the number , the result is 9 . Find the number
The sum of the ages of dorothy and dorilyn is 41 . In 5 years , dorothy will be twice as old as dorilyn . Find thier ages 3 years ago .
Sally bought a bike at 25 % less than the original price . Original price was $ 40 more than the price . What is the original price ?
a number is 3 less than 4 times another number . if their sum is equal to 117 , then the greater number is ?
If the slower painter , who takes 6 hours to paint , starts at two o'clock , and the fast painter , who takes 4 hours to paint , starts 3 hour later than the slow painter , what time do they finish ?
can you please help me find two numbers whose sum is 63 and whose difference is 5
A motorboat can go 16 miles downstream on a river in 20 minutes . It takes 30 minutes for this boat to go back upstream the same 16 miles . Find the speed of the current .
The first of two numbers is 9 more than the second . Three times the first number is equal to 7 more than 5 times the second . What are the missing numbers ?
the sum of two numbers is 73 . five times the smaller number exceeds the larger number by 149 . find the numbers .
A woman is one more year than 4 times the age of her daughter . In 4 years , she will be 3 times as old as her daughter will be then . What are their present ages ?
The sum of two numbers is 15 . Three times on of the numbers is 11 less than five times the other . Find the numbers .
The sum of 2 two-digit numbers is 89 and their difference is 19 . What are the two numbers ?
The denominator of a fraction exceeds twice the numerator by 10 . The value of the fraction is 5 to 12 . Find the fraction .
The larger of two numbers is four less than twice the smaller . Their sum is twenty-three . Find the larger number .
A father is twice as old as his son . 12 years ago the father was 4 times as old as the son was then - determine the present age .
The sum of two positive integers is 80 . Find the integers if one number is 8 greater than the other .
you have 35 nickels and dimes . their total value is $ 2.85 . write the system of equations to find the number n of nickels and the number of d dimes .
My horse and saddle are worth $ 100.00 , and my horse is worth 7 times as much as my saddle . What is the value of each ?
The greater of the two consecutive even numbers is 6 less than twice the smaller .
The smaller of two numbers is 3 less that the larger . Twice the larger plus 4 times the smaller is 36 . Find the numbers
Two numbers are in the ratio 3 to 7 . Two-fifths of their sum is 32 .
The sum of two numbers is twice their difference . The larger number is 7 more than twice the smaller . Find the numbers .
find 2 numbers whose sum is 100 and whose difference is 14 .
deanna is five more than six times than ted . Twine the sum of their ages is 94 . How old is ted ?
The difference between two numbers is 4 less than their sum . One number is 1 less than the other number . What are the two numbers ?
the sum of two integers is 1 . if the smaller integer is 11 less than 5 times the larger , what are the integers ?
find two numbers whose difference is 200 , such that the larger number is 5 times the smaller .
There are 2 numbers . One number is six greater than another . If the sum of the two numbers is 44 , what are the two numbers ?
The ratio between two positive number is 6 to 5 . if the difference between the two numbers is 8 , what are the two numbers ? Thanks !
The sum of the two digits of a number is 14 , the value of the number is 2 less than 11 times the tens digit , what is the number ?
One number is four times another number . The greater of the two numbers is 20 less than three times the difference between the two numbers . Find the numbers .
It took you 6 hrs to travel to town , and it took you 8 hrs to travel back , because your return trip speed was 10 mph less than the outgoing speed . What was your return trip speed ?
One number is eight less than five times another . If the sum of the two numbers is 28 , find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 20 . Three times one number is equal to twice the other number .
The difference in the age of two girls is 1 year . The sum of their ages is 27 . What are their ages ?
In 22 years , Alexis ' age will be two hundred ninety-seven less than four times the age of Alyssa . Alexis ' age is one hundred sixty-two less than three times the age of Alyssa . What are their ages ?
The sum of two numbers is 36 . If the larger is divided by the smaller , the quotient is 2 and the remainder is 3 . Find the numbers . Please help .
Twice the larger number is three times the smaller , and their sum is 20 . Find the numbers .
A mixture of 10 % acid and 90 % water is added to 5 liters of pure acid . The final mixture is 40 % water . How many liters of water are in the final mixture ?
five times the difference of a number and one yields the same result as twice the same number increase by three . Find the number .
the sume of two numbers is 28 , their difference is 2 . what are the numbers ?
Two number differ by 10 . The larger number is 6 less than twice the smaller number . Find the numbers .
Maria is now four times as old as Kate . Four years ago , Maria was six times as old as Kate . Find each of their actual ages now .
An alloy of metals is 25 % copper . ANother alloy is 50 % copper . how much of each alloy should be used to make 1000 grams of an alloy that is 45 % copper ?
If positive number is 5 less than another positive number . Six times lesser number minus 3 times the greater number is 3 . Find the 2 positive numbers .
in a school the number of male teacher is twice the number of female teacher . if total number of teacher is 45 , find the number of female teacher .
nine times a two digit number is the same as twice the number obtained on interchanging the digits of the number.If one digit of the number exceeds the other by 7 , find the number .
If one integer is added to another and it equals -9 , and if the smallest is subtracted from the largest and it equals 1 than what would be the integers ?
If Jen 's current age is 32 and Devin 's current age is 6 . Write an equation which models how old , in years , Jen will be when she is 3 times as old as Devin .
The sum of two consecutive odd integers is at least 36 . What are the integers ?
Sam is 10 years older than Jack . Twice Sam 's age subtracted from 6 times jack 's age is 7 more than Jack 's age . find both sam and jack 's age .
One number is one-third of another number . The sum of the two numbers is 1 less than twice the larger number . Find the numbers .
The difference of four times a number and seven times the number is 9 .
the sum of two numbers is 94 , and the larger number is 5 less than twice the smaller number . find the numbers
How many liters of a 40 % sulfuric acid solution should be mixed with 4 liters of a 24 % sulfuric acid solution to produce a 30 % solution ?
Two brothers boll and eric are 4 years apart and bill is the oldest one . If the sum of the boys age is 28 , how old is bill and eric ?
The sum of 2 digits is 248 . Their difference is 64 . Find the numbers .
jack is three times as old as Jill the total of their ages is 72 . Find the age of each person
one number is five more than four times another . Their sum is 35 . Find the two numbers .
Monica is one year older than twice her sister 's age . The difference of their ages is 18 . Find theor present ages .
One number is two times another . Eight times the smaller is two more than twice the larger number . What are the two numbers ?
: One number is nine less than another . Their sum is twenty-seven .
An older person is 7 years older than four times the age of a younger person . The sum of their ages is 27 . Find their ages .
The difference of two positive integers is 34 . The larger of the numbers is three times the smaller . What are these numbers ?
the sum of two angles is 178 . one angle is 26 less than twice the other . find the angles .
Twice the larger of the two numbers is three more than five times the smaller , and then the sum of four times the larger and three times the smaller is 71 . What are the nos . ?
A two digit number is 7 times its unit digit . If 18 is added to the number , its digits are reversed . Find the number .
24 is divided into two parts such that 7 times the first part added to 5 times the second part makes 146 .
The sum of two numbers is 10 . Three times one of them is more than four times the second by 2 . Find the numbers .
Jolene bought three blouses at one price and 2 blouses priced $ 3 below the others . The total cost was $ 91.50 . Find the prices of the blouses .
The sum of two numbers is 64 . Two more than twice the larger number is five less than seven times the smaller . Find the numbers .
if a boat goes downstream 72 miles in 3 hours and upstream 60 miles in 6 hours , the rate of the river and the rate of the boat in still wtaer respectively are ?
A cyclist traveled at a rate of 32 MPH to visit a nearby town . The cyclist averaged 10 MPH on the return trip . If the round trip took 6.3 hours , find the distance to the nearby town .
The sum of the digits of a two-digit number is 14 . If the digits are reversed , the number is 18 less than the original number . Find the original number .
In a chemistry class , 5 liters of 4 % silver solution must be mixed with a 10 % solution to get a 6 % solution . How many liters of the 10 % solution are needed ?
twice the sum of 4 and 3 times some number is 34 . what is the number ?
If 19 is subtracted from 4 times a number , the result is 73 . Find the number
Anne and Nancy use a metal alloy that is 15 % copper to make jewelry . How many ounces of 10 % alloy must be mixed with a 21 % alloy to form 121 ounces of the desired alloy ?
Juan made a 2 L of lemonade that consists of 40 % pure lemon juice . How much water must he add to dilute it to 30 % lemon juice ?
Mike is a chemist . He needs to prepare 36 ounces of 13 % hydrochloric acid solution . Find the amount of 18 % solution and amount of 9 % solution he should mix to get this solution .
A pond is enclosed by a wooden deck that is three feet wide.the fence is sorrounding the deck is 100 feet long . if the pond is square , what are its dimensions ?
a two digit number is 6 times the sum of its digits . the tens digit is 1 more than the units digit . find the number .
The length of a rectangle is 3m longer than its width . If the perimeter of the rectangle is 34m , find its width and length .
the sum of two digits of a natural number is 7 . when the digits are reversed , the number is increased by 27 .
The sum of 3 times a number and 4 times another number is 43 . Five times the first number is 3 less than four times the opposite of the second number . Find the numbers .
the sum of twice a number and 16 less than the number is the same as the difference between -32 and the number . what is the number
sum of 800 is in the denominatiom of rs 10 and rs 20 if total no of notes be 50 fund the no of noets of each type
There is a number such that three times the number minus 6 is equal to 45 . Find the number .
The sum of two numbers is 9 . The greater number is 3 more than twice the lesser number . What are the numbers ?
it takes 6 quarts of feul for a pilot to fly 1000 miles . How many quarts are needed for 2500 miles .
If the sum of two numbers is 120 , and thier difference is 42 , find the smaller number .
The sum of two consecutive whole numbers is 27 . Find the numbers .
a man is 30 years old while his daughter is 4 years old . In how many years ' time will the daughter be half the age of her father ?
a wire 180 cm long is to be cut into two parts so that one part is 32 cm longer than the other . how long is ech part ?
I subtract 13 from a certain number and then divided the result by 3 . The result is the same as adding 3 to the number and then dividing by 5 . Find the number
One-third of a number of two digits is greater than one-fourth of its successor by 1 . Find the number .
Five years ago , Sam was four times as old as John , and in five years he will be twice as old as John . Find the present ages of each .
The number of boys in a class is 5 less than twice the number of girls . The class size is 28 . How many boys are there ?
The sum of two consecutive odd integers in 124 . What are the integers ?
24 is divided into two parts such that 7 times the first part added to 5 times the second part makes 146 . Find each part .
It takes a boat 4 hours to travel 24 miles down a river and 6 hours to return upstream to its starting point . What is the rate of the current in the river ?
The ratio of boys to girls is 9 to 4 . You know there are 91 total students . How many of them are boys ? How many are girls ?
24 is divided in two parts such that 7 time the first part added to 5 times the second part makes 146 . What is the first part ?
The larger of two numbers is 23 less than twice the smaller . The sum of the two numbers is 70 . Find the two numbers .
The sum of the numbers of boys and girls in a class is 36 . If twice the number of girls exceeds the number of boys by 12 , find the number of girls in the class . Find the number of boys .
Separate 50 into 2 parts so that 0.40 of one part exceeds 0.6 of the other part by 10 . What is the smaller part ? What is the larger part ?
0.5 of a certain number is 10 more than 0.1667 of a number . Find the number .
The difference between two numbers is 9 . Find the numbers , if their sum is 46 .
Two times the first number is one more than the second number . If their sum is -64 , what are the two numbers ?
1 out of 2 numbers is thrice the other . If their sum is 124 , find the numbers .
The number of grocery items on two grocery lists differs by 7 . The total number of items is 33 . How many items are on each list ?
The sum of 2 numbers is 43 . Twice the larger number exceeds 3 times the smaller number by 16 . Find the number .
Three times a number minus a second number is 20 . The sum of the two numbers is 48 . Find the two numbers .
The sum of 2 numbers is 24 . Seven times the smaller number is the same as 5 times the larger number . Find the smaller number .
Seven times a number is the same as 12 more than 3 times the number . Find the number .
The sum of 0.75 of a number and two is eight . Find the number .
0.20 of a number decreased by 4 is equal to 6 . Find the number .
The sum of 2 numbers is 27 . 0.5 of the first number plus 0.3333333 of the second number is 11 . Find the smaller and the larger number .
1 number is 3 less than twice another number . The sum of the 2 numbers is 51 . What is the smaller number ? What is the larger number ?
7 less than 4 times a number equals 13 . What is the number ?
The second number is 3 less than twice the first number . Their sum is 57 . Find the second number .
0.833 of a number is -60 . What is the number ?
1 number is 9 less than twice another , and their sum is 42 . Find the two numbers .
Find 2 numbers whose sum is 64 and whose difference is 4 . What is the smaller number ? What is the larger number ?
A total of 366 tickets were sold for the school play . The number of student tickets sold was two times the number of adult tickets sold . How many adult tickets were sold ?
The product of 10 and a number is the same as 36 less twice that same number . Find the number .
The difference between two numbers is 3 . Their sum is 13 . Find the numbers . What is the larger number ? What is the smaller number ?
Find two numbers whose sum is 106 and whose difference is 64 .
One integer is twice another , and their sum is 96 . Find the smaller and larger integer .
The sum of 5 and a number is 20 . Find the number .
0.5 of a number is 2 more than 0.25 of the number . Find the number .
The difference between 3 times a number and 1 is the same as twice a number . Find the number .
The second of two numbers is 4 more than the first . The sum is 56 . Find the first and second numbers .
The length of a rectangular field is 24 meters . This is 3 meters less than twice the width . Find the width .
The Kings won two less than three times as many games as they lost . They played 82 games . How many wins and losses did the team have ?
Find a number such that 1 more than 0.6667 the number is 0.75 the number .
The difference between 0.75 of a line and 0.4 of the same line is 28 centimeters . Find the length of the line .
The sum of two numbers is 85 . The difference of twice of one of them and the other one is 5 . Find both numbers .
An airplane has a total of 387 seats . The number of coach class seats is 2 more than 4 times the number of first-class seats . How many first class and coach class seats are there on the plane ?
The sum of 2 numbers is 15 . 3 times one of the numbers is 11 less than 5 times the other . What is the smaller number ? What is the larger number ?
Find two numbers whose sum is 14 if one number is 3 times as large as the other number .
If the product of 5 and a number is increased by 4 , the result is 19 . What is the number ?
Three times a number is the same as the difference of twice the number and seven . Find the number .
A swim team has 5 times as many girls as boys . There are a total of 96 people on the swim team . How many girls and boys are their on the team ?
The sum of 2 numbers is 70 . The larger number is 2 more than 3 times the smaller number . Find the smaller number . Find the larger number .
The difference of 3 times a number and 5 is 40 . Find the number .
Think of a number , half it and the result is 9 . Find the number .
36 more than the product of three and x is the same as 48 . Solve for x.
How many liters of a 60 % acid solution must be mixed with a 75 % acid solution to get 20 liters of a 72 % solution ?
Twice a number equals 25 less than triple the same number . What is the number ?
Find the two numbers whose sum is 45 and such that one is 4 times as large as the other .
Find a number so that 10 less than 0.6667 the number is 0.25 the number .
The sum of 2 numbers is 64 and their difference is 18 . What is the first number ? What is the second number ?
The sum of two numbers is 18 . If twice the smaller number is 6 more than the larger , find the smaller number and the larger number .
The sum of 2 numbers is 10 . 3 times one of them is more than 4 times the second by 2 . Find the smaller number . Find the larger number .
The sum of two numbers is 104 . The larger number is 1 less than twice the smaller number . Find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 48 . The difference between three times the smaller number and the larger number is 16 . Find the smaller number and the larger number .
Find the number whose double is 45 greater than its half ?
One number is 3 more than twice a second number . Their sum is 27 . Find the smaller number . Find the larger number .
One number exceeds another by 10 and their sum is 34 . Find the larger number .
The sum of 2 numbers is 50 . The first number is 43 less than twice the second number . Find the smaller number . Find the larger number .
1.3333 of a number is 4.82 , what is the number ?
Find two numbers whose sum is 147 and one is 4 greather than 0.375 of the other .
If 2.5 costs 20 dollars , how much does 3.5 cost , in dollars ?
The difference between two numbers is 6 . If you double both numbers , the sum is 36 . Find the two numbers .
The sum of 2 numbers is 138 . If three times the smaller number is subtracted from the larger number , the result is 22 . Find the two numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 40 , one number is 8 more than the other . Find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 73 . The second is 7 more than 5 times the first . What is the first number and what is the second one ?
The sum of two numbers is 62 . The greater number exceeds twice the smaller number by 5 . What are the two numbers ?
Two numbers are in the ratio 8 to 3 . If the sum of numbers is 143 , find the numbers .
The sum of two numbers is 32 and the difference is 14 . Find the two numbers .
17 is 4 less than 8 times a number . Find the number .
Find the 2 numbers whose sum is 108 and whose difference is 24 .
The sum of 38 and twice a number is 124 . Find the number .
3 times a number is added to 5 times a number to get 54 . The second number is 2 less than the first . What is the smaller number ? What is the larger number ?
A 69 inch board is cut into 2 pieces . One piece is 2 times the length of the other . What is the length of the shorter piece in inches ? What is the length of the longer piece ?
The greater of two numbers is 8 times the lesser and their sum is 180 . Find the numbers .
The sum of two consecutive even integers is at most 30 . What are the greatest possible consecutive even integers ?
There are 2 numbers whose sum is 65 , such that one is 4 times as large as the other . What is the smaller number ? What is the larger number ?
The sum of 2 integers is 30 . 2 times the larger integer is 10 less than 5 times the smaller integer . Find the smaller number and larger number .
The sum of 2 numbers is 84 . One number is 3 times the other . Find the smaller number . Find the larger number .
The difference between two numbers is 20 and their sum is 48 . Find the numbers .
Twice a number increased by 5 is 17 . Find the number .
The sum of 2 numbers is 70 . The second is 10 more than 3 times the first . Find the smaller number . Find the larger number .
The number of boys in eighth grade is 16 less than twice the number of girls . There are 68 students in eighth grade . How many are girls ?
One number is 11 more than 3 times another number . Their sum is 55 . Find the smaller number .
One number is 3 less than twice another . If their sum is 39 , find the numbers .
If 6 is subtracted from three times a number , the difference is twice the number . What is the number ?
When 4 times the number is added to 7 times the number the result is 55 . What is the number ?
The difference between 2 times a number and -8 is -12 . Find the number .
0.6667 of a number increased by 0.75 is 1.6667 , what is the number ?
3 Pairs of jeans and 6 shirts costs 104.25 dollars . The cost of 4 jeans and 5 shirts is 112.15 dollars . Find the cost of each pair of jeans and each shirt .
Find two numbers whose sum is 55 and whose difference is 15 .
What is the sum of 20 and a number is 30 .
A discount store sold plastic cups for 3.25 dollars each and ceramic cups for 4.50 dollars each . If 500 cups were sold for a total of 2090 dollars , how many plastic cups and ceramic cups were sold ?
The sum of two numbers is 52 , and their difference is 6 . What are the numbers ?