Bill has 9 marbles and Jim has 7 fewer marbles than Bill. How many marbles does Jim have?
Amal has 10 apples and Vimal has 8 fewer apples than Amal. How many apples does Vimal have?
Kamal has 16 marbles and Nimal has 12 fewer marbles than Kamal. How many marbles does Nimal have?
Mary has 20 rupees and Rosy has 7 less rupees than Mary. How many rupees does Rosy have?
Nimala has 18 bags and Kamala has 7 fewer bags than Nimala. How many bags does Kamala have?
Susan has 9 packets and Kamal has 4 fewer packets than Susan. How many packets does Kamal have?
Harry has 12 biscuits and Mary has 7 fewer biscuits than Harry. How many biscuits does Mary have?
Bala has 20 apples and Sana has 10 fewer apples than Bala. How many apples does Sana have?
Ravi has 13 pieces of cake and Kamal has 7 less pieces of cake than Ravi. How many pieces of cake does Kamal have?
Soniya has 10 marbles and Kanefaa has 9 fewer marbles than Soniya. How many marbles does Kanefaa have?
Ferry has 8 chocolates and Jim has 5 fewer chocolates than Ferry. How many chocolates does Jim have?
Supun has 12 pens and Vimal has 6 fewer pens than Supun. How many pens does Vimal have?
Kamal has 13 files and Nimal has 4 fewer files than Kamal. How many files does Nimal have?
Mary has 15 packets and Rosy has 4 fewer packets than Mary. How many packets does Rosy have?
Nimala has 34 bags and Kamala has 9 fewer bags than Nimala. How many bags does Kamala have?
Susan has 12 packets and Kamal has 9 fewer packets than Susan. How many packets does Kamal have?
Harry has 9 oranges and Mary has 3 fewer oranges than Harry. How many oranges does Mary have?
Bala has 12 bottles and Sana has 4 fewer bottles than Bala. How many bottles does Sana have?
Ravi has 8 pieces of bread and Kamal has 6 less pieces of bread than Ravi. How many pieces of bread does Kamal have?
Obama has 14 marbles and Trump has 9 fewer marbles than Obama. How many marbles does Trump have?
Nalin has 11 marbles and Jim has 9 fewer marbles than Nalin. How many marbles does Jim have?
Amal has 9 books and Vimal has 8 fewer books than Amal. How many books does Vimal have?
Vimal has 16 kites and Nimal has 12 less kites than Vimal. How many kites does Nimal have?
Rosy has 10 rupees and Mary has 4 less rupees than Rosy. How many rupees does Mary have?
Nimala has 15 packets and Kamala has 7 fewer packets than Nimala. How many packets does Kamala have?
Bush has 9 packets and Putin has 4 fewer packets than Bush. How many packets does Putin have?
Harry has 12 soft drink bottles and Mary has 5 less soft drink bottles than Harry. How many soft drink bottles does Mary have?
Kayal has 15 apples and Sana has 6 fewer apples than Kayal. How many apples does Sana have?
Ravi has 13 brushes and Kamal has 7 less brushes than Ravi. How many brushes does Kamal have?
Sameera has 12 marbles and Kanefaa has 9 fewer marbles than Sameera. How many marbles does Kanefaa have?
Ferry has 8 phones and Jim has 5 less phones than Ferry. How many phones does Jim have?
Thilak has 10 pens and Vimal has 4 fewer pens than Thilak. How many pens does Vimal have?
Kamal has 20 files and Nimal has 6 fewer files than Kamal. How many files does Nimal have?
Ravi has 15 packets and Rosy has 4 fewer packets than Ravi. How many packets does Rosy have?
Nimala has 34 marks and Kamala has 9 less marks than Nimala. How many marks does Kamala have?
Nilan has 15 balls and Kamal has 9 fewer balls than Nilan. How many balls does Kamal have?
Harry has 10 oranges and Mary has 6 fewer oranges than Harry. How many oranges does Mary have?
Kalan has 12 bottles and Sana has 8 fewer bottles than Kalan. How many bottles does Sana have?
Ravi has 8 slices of bread and Kamal has 2 fewer slices of bread than Ravi. How many slices of bread does Kamal have?
Shama has 12 documents and Donarld has 9 less documents than Shama. How many marbles does Donarld have?
Bill has 10 marbles and Jim has 8 fewer marbles than Bill. How many marbles does Jim have?
Lasal has 10 oranges and Vimal has 6 fewer oranges than Lasal. How many oranges does Vimal have?
Kamal has 4 boxes and Nimal has 2 less boxes than Kamal. How many boxes does Nimal have?
Supun has 10 pounds and Rosy has 7 less pounds than Mary. How many pounds does Rosy have?
Vimaala has 15 bags and Kamala has 7 fewer bags than Vimaala. How many bags does Kamala have?
Susan has 9 lunch packets and Kamal has 4 fewer lunch packets than Susan. How many lunch packets does Kamal have?
Mia has 10 biscuits and Mary has 7 fewer biscuits than Mia. How many biscuits does Mary have?
Visal has 15 apples and Sana has 10 fewer apples than Visal. How many apples does Sana have?
Ravi has 11 pieces of bread and Kamal has 7 less pieces of bread than Ravi. How many pieces of bread does Kamal have?
Rani has 9 marbles and Vani has 6 fewer marbles than Rani. How many marbles does Vani have?
Ferry has 20 biscuits and Jim has 5 fewer biscuits than Ferry. How many biscuits does Jim have?
Thilak has 13 pens and Vimal has 6 fewer pens than Thilak. How many pens does Vimal have?
Nalin has 11 files in his computer and Nimal has 4 fewer files than Nalin in his computer. How many files does Nimal have?
Amal has 12 lunch packets and Rosy has 6 fewer lunch packets than Amal. How many packets does Rosy have?
Vimaala is 34 years old and Kamala is 9 years younger than Vimaala. How old does Kamala is?
Sunil is 40 years old and Nalin is 20 years younger than Sunil. How old does Nalin is?
Ravi is 25 years old and His friend is 9 years younger than him. How old does his friend is?
Kapil is 30 years old and His friend is 19 years younger than Kapil. How old does his friend is?
Vimal is 25 years old and His friend is 2 years younger than him. How old does his friend is?
Sunil is 20 years old and Nalin is 5 years less younger Sunil. How old does Nalin is?
Saman has 15 biscuits and Jim has 10 fewer biscuits than Saman. How many biscuits does Jim have?
Muru has 13 pens and Saman has 6 fewer pens than Muru. How many pens does Saman have?
Nalin has 12 files on his computer and Nimal has 4 fewer files than Nalin on his computer. How many files does Nimal have?
Amal has 9 lunch boxes and Rosy has 6 fewer lunch boxes than Amal. How many lunch boxes does Rosy have?
Vimala is 30 years old and Kamala is 10 years younger than Vimala. How old does Kamala is?
Sunil is 25 years old and his son is 20 years younger than him. How old does Sunil son is?
Ravi is 20 years old and his friend is 9 years younger than him. How old does his friend is?
Kapil is 25 years old and his friend is 20 years younger than Kapil. How old does his friend is?
Vimal is 21 years old and his friend is 1 year younger than him. How old does his friend is?
Sunil is 20 years old and Nalin is 3 years younger than Sunil. How old does Nalin is?
Bill has 15 marbles and Jim has 9 fewer marbles than Bill. How many marbles does Jim have?
Nisal has 6 apples and Vimal has 3 fewer apples than Nisal. How many apples does Vimal have?
Saman has 5 black boxes and Nimal has 2 less black boxes than Saman. How many boxes does Nimal have?
Supun has 15 pounds and Rosy has 6 less pounds than Mary. How many pounds does Rosy have?
Tom has 15 bottles and Kamala has 7 fewer bottles than Tom. How many bags does Kamala have?
Susan has 6 lunch packets and Kamal has 4 fewer lunch packets than Susan. How many lunch packets does Kamal have?
Mia has 9 packets of biscuit and Mary has 7 fewer packets of biscuit than Mia. How many packets of biscuit does Mary have?
Kusal has 20 apples and Sana has 10 fewer apples than Kusal. How many apples does Sana have?
Ravi has 11 pieces of pineapples and Kamal has 7 less pieces of pineapples than Ravi. How many pieces of pineapples does Kamal have?
Niru has 12 keys and Hari has 6 less keys than Niru. How many keys does Hari have?
Ferry has 15 biscuits and Kamal has 11 fewer biscuits than Ferry. How many biscuits does Kamal have?
Thilak has 13 coins and Vimal has 6 less coins than Thilak. How many coins does Vimal have?
Nalin has 11 video files in his computer and Nimal has 4 less video files than Nalin in his computer. How many video files does Nimal have?
Rani has 16 packets and Rosy has 6 fewer packets than Rani. How many packets does Rosy have?
vimaala is 12 years old and Kamala is 8 years younger than vimaala. How old does Kamala is?
Sunil is 44 years old and Nalin is 18 years younger than Sunil. How old does Nalin is?
Ravi is 28 years old and his friend is 6 years younger than him. How old does his friend is?
Kapil is 14 years old and His friend is 5 years younger than Kapil. How old does his friend is?
Samal is 20 years old and His friend is 3 years younger than him. How old does his friend is?
Sunil is 18 years old and Nalin is 7 years less younger Sunil. How old does Nalin is?
Bill has 15 marbles and Jim has 7 fewer marbles than Bill. How many marbles does Jim have?
Lasal has 11 oranges and Vimal has 6 fewer oranges than Lasal. How many oranges does Vimal have?
Kamal has 6 boxes and Nimal has 5 less boxes than Kamal. How many boxes does Nimal have?
Supun has 11 pounds and Rosy has 8 less pounds than supun. How many pounds does Rosy have?
vimaala has 36 bags and Kamala has 25 fewer bags than vimaala. How many bags does Kamala have?
Susan has 100 lunch packets and Kamal has 23 fewer lunch packets than Susan. How many lunch packets does Kamal have?
Mia has 89 biscuits and Mary has 78 fewer biscuits than Mia. How many biscuits does Mary have?
Visal has 15 lemons and Sana has 10 fewer lemons than Visal. How many lemons does Sana have?
Ravi has 12 pieces of bread and Kamal has 8 less pieces of bread than Ravi. How many pieces of bread does Kamal have?
Rani has 11 marbles and ni has 5 fewer marbles than Rani. How many marbles does Vani have?